<node>: Attempting to open connection with Caleb.{From Percy's node} You hear a small rush of static as a connection is  opened.You say, "Caleb!"  The child's voice is buoyant.  "I need you to help me  with somethin'.  C'n I come see you?"{From Percy's node} Caleb says, "Miss Andrews." his voice holds a note  of lazy pleasure; relaxed and untroubled. "Pleasure to hear from  you. And yes, y'certainly can. Anything in particular?"You say, "You'll see!"  For a moment, her voice is formal as she copies  her dad.  "Andrews out."{From Percy's node} You hear a small rush of static as a connection is  closed.Y3 -- Main RoomThis main room is sparse and modern; a minimalist black-and-grey decor  whose trendiness belies its simplicity. The favorite choice of those  who have neither the time nor the inclination to enter the maze-like  world of color selection and decor management.Crushed grey carpet covers the floor, not as thick as shag but enough to  sink one's feet into. Bisecting the room is a black leather couch,  facing the far wall. In front of it lies a dark marble coffee table,  a midnight slate suspended by unseen legs. I t's kept clear, it  seems, from any clutter save the occasional scriber. Striking is the  lack of any videoscreen; on the wall the couch faces, a framed  etching is centered, instead. Tucked out of the way to the side lie  an economy kitchen, and the entrance to Caleb's bedoom.The other three walls are lined with book-packed shelves. The titles  present include quite a few philosophy texts, the odd poetry  anthology, history, technical reference manuals, literary classics,  religious documents, volumes on cryptography, mathemati cs, and data  security systems... the list goes on and on. A well-read individual  lives here, to be sure; or at least one whose library is worthy of  note.CalebA moody-looking fellow with a light-built frame, close-cropped black  hair, and a faint, distant smile. His age is hard to pin down,  somwhere between twenty and thirty. A bit of plastic and metal  nestles at the base of his skull -- an RS9k data jack. The m an is  obviously a heavy user of the net. Round glass lenses hang in front  of his eyes -- shades fused right into his cheekbones. It's  impossible to tell where he's looking through the dark lenses, but  one could easily feel... studied.He wears an olive drab t-shirt, the arms cut off. It's quite worn -- you  can almost see through it in places -- and the words 'Brain Sponge'  are painted on the front. His build is tight and lean, not muscular,  and you notice a tattoo of a dove on one bice p. The other arm bears  an image of a wolf's head. His pants are stained and khakis, patched  with bits of denim. A yellow badge is clipped to his his belt, a  wardrobe afterthought that marks him as a civilian. A special  data-systems access tag on the badge , though, indicates that he  might have a bit more pull than the average station resident.Caleb is 28 years, 9 months, and 14 days old.PercyCrooked smile splashes across tanned face, pale skin dyed by artifical  sun to a warm earthy brown.  Pale green eyes, set off by dark brows,  hold an eternal flicker of childish joy.  Jet black hair, her only  vanity, spills past her waist, often swept up an d tamed into some  airy, and supposedly fashionable style.Cream, red, black, and navy adorn this child's frame, a fleet uniform in  minature.  Same navy jacket, same flare at the belt line.  Same  pants, black with a red stripe.  Same all purpose boots, buffed to a  shine.  The jacket, however, is bare of insignia, only a yellow ID  card bearing the name, "Persephone Andrews" clipped to the front.   Somewhere on her small person, a military-issue commo resides, Dad's  surefire way of collecting his wandering daughter.  Sable blinks  sleepily, his sleek black body curled in Percy's arms.Percy is 8 years, 5 months, and 22 days old.Knuckles beat on the door for an instant, the sound of a fidgety child  on the other side.Caleb is stretched out on his couch comfortably, lenses black as agate;  not hiding, simply his way of closing out the world as the sounds of  ambient experimental noise fill the apartment. "Miss Andrews, make  yourself at home," he calls out, a smile creepi ng over his  features, as arms pillow behind his head.Percy darts through the door, a few bounces before she lands in a  grinning pile on Caleb's chest.  Face is brought close to the  lenses, a wide-eyed blink before she giggles.  "Hiya.""Fancy meeting you here, Ma'am." Caleb's smile turns to a smirk, and one  arm snakes around for a rough-housing hug. "What's the big news,  kiddo?" Straightening himself up, a genuine smile tugs at Caleb's  lips. He's in a good mood, it seems -- best take advantage of it!Percy beams, wrapping her arms around him for a minute before slithering  down to the floor.  "You're good at getting things, right?  I needja  to get me something /really/ important."  The grin on her face  doesn't fade a notch at her words.O-/ho/. It's a job, then? Caleb stretches lazily, a murmured command to  no-one in particular dimming the agitated music to subliminal levels  as arms stretch above his head. "Like to think so... what've you got  in your crosshairs," he asks with a smile.Percy fidgets from her seat on the floor, smile so wide as to almost be  a smirk as she informs him, "I need a tail.  See, I was talking to  Neko, and /she/ has a tail.  So does Sable and the others.  So I  think I should have one too.  And Neko agreed that you were real  good at finding stuff, so I was gonna ask you."Brows fire upwards in suprise and amusement. "I see... You want a tail?"  Caleb manages to press down the chuckle that comes, adopting a look  of sage consideration. "So... ah... how long of a tail are you  looking for? Fluffy? Thin?" Yep. Gotta get the deta ils. Leaning  forward to pyramid fingers beneath his chin, the dove on his bicep  shifting slightly with the movement.Percy chews on her lip, nodding slightly.  Who wouldn't take a request  for a tail seriously?  "I think it should be fluffy, and sorta long,  but not so long that I'd step on it, y'know?  And black, like my  fur."  She pats her head softly.  "So I'd match."  She peers up at  him with gleaming eyes, brightly smiling.  "C'n you help me?  I  could pay you if you wanted.  I got neat stuff."Percy. Is she spoiled? Nahhh. Caleb considers it perfectly natural to  take such requests as serious business inquiries, his solemn nod  following her words. "Well... we can work something out, I'm sure."  After a moment's pause, he winks and a smile emerges . "Your taste  in tails is quite good, I don't think I could've picked a better  match..."Percy giggles softly, tilting her head.  "So, where're you gonna get a  tail?  Aren't we supposed to like bicker about the price and stuff?   I'm very picky about my tails.  YOu can only have one, you know."   Solemn nod."Oh? And who says that?" Caleb smiles, leaning forward to offer a gentle  poke at Percy's ribs. "You don't always have to bicker, you know...  sometimes, it's more important to get the job... and more come  later." Behind lenses, he is surely winking. "Or not. It all  depends..."Percy giggles, poking him back.  "Well, you get all my jobs.  Wait, I'm  prolly not s'posed to tell you that, am I?  Prolly not."  She  giggles again softly.  "But it's okay, 'cause I"m gonna get my tail  and show it to Neko.  She'll like it, for sure.  She already said I  had a pretend tail, but I want a real one."Brows waggle. "No, that's usually not good bargaining." Caleb's lenses,  quicksilver in black, ripple to clear glass in the blink of an eye,  mirth now evident. "But sometimes, building a relatinoship is more  important than profit. You know that, don't you? " A flickered  glance to the prospective tail location, and a chuckle. "Neko's good  at pretending," he muses.Percy peers curiously into his eyes, widened jade flickering with caring  curiosity.  "No, prolly not.  We gotta relationship already, though,  right?  'Cause you're my friend.  But you're not s'posed to do  business with friends either, right?  Or are you?"  She shifts,  contorting to glance behind her.  "Yeah, Neko's real good at  pretending lots of stuff.""Sometimes, it's not business." Caleb smiles quietly. "it's helping a  friend. There's a difference, you know.""How?"  Percy shifts to pat his leg gently, leaning against the couch.   "I wanna do /business/ and get my tail.  I'm gonna do business when  I get older, so I should now too, right?""Sometimes friends are more important than business," Caleb notes with  wryly arched brow. "They can help you... and you can help them. Not  because of money, but because it's right." A finger reaches out to  tap Percy's nose. "That make sense?"Percy snaps teeth together inches from his finger, eyes twinkling with  laughter.  "Yeah.  Makes sense."  Uncurling from the floor, she sits  up to clasp arms around his neck.  "Thanks, Caleb.  You'll get my  tail, right? 'Cause you're my friend too.""I'll work on it." Caleb winks, then accepts the hug from childish  stick-arms. "Because I'm your friend, not because it's business."