[ Bit o' background: Though I never got it logged, Ripley is a close friend and business associate of Caleb's, who was there when he found out that Edanna was 'dead' ]====The AerobrakeFlashing apopleptic lights in an assortment of colors assail the senses  from first entrance through the door.  Music throbs and pulses, the  low bass rumbling deeply enough to be felt as a tangible sensation  on the skin mirroring the throbbing of blood through the veins,  making just stepping through the door an overwhelmingly visceral  experience. To the left masses of bodies twist and contort in  various manners, moving to the inner rhythm of the stirring music,  glistening skin and sticking clothing visible with the flashing of  the strobe.  To the right, a bar, the music still too loud for easy  conversation, the rumbling low tones showing up as ripples in  glasses of the many specialty drinks prepared by expert bartenders.   People are attempting conversation anyway, shouting at each other  through five inch distances, bodies still moving to the compulsively  heavy beat, but only slightly, showing up as the tapping of a foot  or rhythmic nodding of the head.  Beside the bar is a door, wholly  unremarkable and shaded from the casual glance, leading into the  backroom maze of storage and offices.  Smoke machines work to  obscure most of the rest of the room, though there is much behind  that hazy screen, much indeed.Ripley is here.Major Bannik has arrived.Erik is enthroned in the DJ's booth. Yes, enthroned is a good word for  it -- though it's not exactly a kingly position, juggling discs and  trying to keep the music flowing, it is as close to heaven as he can  get in this world.Major Bannik walks in, hearing the sound from the elevator, and having  to check it out.Ripley leans against the bar, elbows back and behind on the counter as  she peruses her handiwork, looking quite pleased with herself.  A  'cat who swallowed the canary' type of look.  "Well, well...I do  believe /someone/ has had a promotion since last we met...Major..."   Low tones breath new life into that single word, Ripley so happy  with herself she doesn't bother to be cautious.Major Bannik manages, somehow, to hear the prestigious nightclub owner  over the music, and grins, heading over in her direction, "Why, my  dear Ripley, yes I have. Major Bannik, with all the rights and  priviliages there are. Like 'em?" He polishes his rank bars some,  "So, where you been hiding recently?"RipleyThick wirey hair is pulled up and away from her face, a few wisps of  coppery curls escaping the rest and lending her face a softness it  otherwise would not possess.  A strong square jaw is firmly set,  reflecting her strength of character.  Clear blue-green eyes set  above a small, roundish nose shine out with awareness and obvious  intelligence, taking in every detail of the scene before her.  A  striking young woman, she keeps herself in shape, her lithe body  flexible and strong.  When she moves, it is with grace...and a  certain seductive quality.  Life taught her to use all available  resources to her advantage, which is exactly what she does.  Her  voice is filled with latent sexuality, but usually accompanied by a  certain amount of humor, so one never knows just how serious she  really is.Ripley is 23 years, 4 months, and 11 days old.Major BannikA handsome and attractive man, he stands about 6'2", with a very  friendly gaze. His eyes are a cobalt blue, and his hair a jet black.  A trace of an old scar runs down his face, and only adds to his  ruggedness. His voice is deep, and a little harsh, but his outward  mood is friendly nonetheless.He's wearing a flight suit worn by the fighter pilots on the station. A  single gold circle is on each of his lapels, showing him to be a  Major. A small tag over his left breast pocket says, "T. Bannik",  and a Phoenix Wing symbol on each of his shoulders. An olive branch  is on his flight suit as well, signifying his command  responsibilities. A belt with the Phoenix Wing's symbol is on his  waist, with a holstered CAP hanging from it. A pair of highly  polished black boots on his feet complete the appearance.Bannik is 24 years, 7 months, and 14 days old.ErikErik Davidson wears the uncertain expression of a young man who hopes to  see the world and experience it fully. His too-long blond hair hangs  into his eyes a bit, and he brushes it away with an unconscious  motion. Not unattractive, but far from a hunk, he wouldn't stand out  in a crowd and seems content with that.Erik wears a pair of jeans, worn work-boots, and a sloppy flannel shirt.  A button's pinned on the shirt. It reads simply, "Freak Alert." A  pair of headphones dangle from his belt, alongside a yellow civilian  badge and a keycard.Slung casually over his shoulder is a backpack, with world travel  patches sewn onto it. Jericho Colony, Paris, Liberty Station,  Brazil... He's been around, it seems, but doesn't seem too worn  around the edges.Erik is 19 years, 3 months, and 4 days old.Erik nods to the music and watches the patrons dancing, milling around,  and the like; time for a switch. In goes the bass. SLAM. SPeakers  vibrate and Erik manages a grin. Indeed, this is as close as it  gets. "Jon!" He shouts over the noise. "Can you fix the rack over  there!" he gestures towards another one of the speakers on the far  wall. Opening night glitches; they're to be expected. Very few of  them popping up, really...2nd Lt. Sazn has arrived.2nd Lt. Sazn says, "Alright, it smells like a party!"2nd Lt. SaznA tall male with dark hair. He wears a  brown flight suit he practically  lives in yet is always clean. On the right sleeve you see an Archon  Wing badge with an Alpha Flight badge below it. On his left sleeve  is the Hope Station insignia.On his left breast pocket he proudly displays a blue badge designating  him as Military. Upon closer inspection of the badge you notice 2nd  Lt., Star Fleet. On his right breast pocket Genocide Sazn is neatly  stiched on a badge.On his right hip there is a holstered CAP pistol, standard pilot issue.  On his left hip you see a sedative gun with several types of drugs.  Also clipped to his belt are a CAP cell, retractable baton, survival  knife and glo-lamp.He wears black steel-toed combat boots. A boot knife is attached to the  right boot for emergencies.Sazn is 19 years, 7 months, and 2 days old.The Aerobrake is packed, at the moment -- a sign near the door shouts,  "Free Aerobrake T-shirt! Courtesy Engai's!" Music can be felt in the  chest, and the lights dazzle.2nd Lt. Sazn jumps onto the dance floor.Ripley smiles at the polishing, lips curving apart enough to glimpse  small pearls of teeth.  A slight wince is all the reaction the bass  gets, and then a wide grin for Erik.  Good boy.  Attention back to  Bannik, she leans close and shouts something about finishing touches  and overseeing construction keeping her busy.  Among other things.   A nod is all the newly arriving guests recieve, it would be  pointless to try to shout across distances of more than two inches.2nd Lt. Sazn slams into a big guy.Major Bannik nods some, and chuckles, looking around the place. He  shouts, "Helluva place you got here... will have to bring Gill  here... if she ever wakes up..." He chuckles a bit more, then  shrugs, "Guess pregnancy does that to you, eh?"2nd Lt. Sazn lands flat on his back.Erik winces a bit as the Lieutenant gets rowdy. Gads. Well, opening  night... "Jon!" He waves a hand towards the floor. Big Guy(tm), Jon  is. He can handle it if things get icky. Fiddle fiddle. More bass.  THUMP.Ripley shrugs amiably, eyes flickering over his shoulder frequently to  check on the progress of the crowd, make sure no one's getting /too/  rough.  "Wouldn't know, Major dear...wouldn't know."  Nor does she  intend to.  A light touch guides Bannik over to the bar, a safe  enough place for him to stay while she mingles a bit, like the good  proprietress she is.2nd Lt. Sazn brushes off and get up on his feet.2nd Lt. Sazn limps with his face in anguish.Major Bannik considers sitting at the bar, then decides otherwise. He  turns to Ripley, and smiles some, him in fine form tonight, for some  reason. He gently taps her on the shoulder, and says, "Hey, when you  get a chance, wanna dance with a lowly Major like me?" He grins  again, his smile turned into that of old, when he was just a lowly  Lieutenant, with nothing on his mind except flying.2nd Lt. Sazn drags himself to a table.Jon weaves through the crowd with a practiced ease. Ripley hires the  /good/ help -- he knows how to work the crowds. "You 'K, there?" He  shouts over the music, putting a hand on Sazn's shoulder.2nd Lt. Sazn says, "I landed on my gun!"2nd Lt. Sazn says, "That really, really hurts!"Nothing on his mind but flying, eh?  Suuuuure, Bannik.  We all believe  that.  Ripley smiles slightly, shouting back a non-commital,  "Perhaps" before moving carefully to the table Sazn is seated at.   "Jon?  What's the matter with him?"Gun. Gun. This is a BAD thing, Jon is thinking. "Son, you're gonna have  to leave your sidearm at the desk. Bars or no bars, we don't want  folks packin' weapons on the floor, 'K?" He turns to Ripley,  "Nothin's wrong, ma'am. Just got a little winded in the crowd's  all." He smiles. Experience shows.Hey, I thought the other was automatically understood? Sazn grins some,  and nods, and hears Jon's comment. Hmm, gun check at door. He might  wanna try that sometime. But, what he can't know, cna't hurt him. He  heads over to the bar, and hrms softly, "Bartender, make me the most  exotic thing you have..."Ripley frowns at the mention of a gun...what if it had gone off?   Something she hadn't counted on at /all/.  Looks as though she'll  have to instate a guard at the door to confiscate all weapons.  A  bouncer.  She nods to Jon, her expression deadly serious as she  mouths a few words to him and makes her way back to the bar, already  her euphoric happiness sobered a bit.Major Bannik chuckles some, and adds, "And don't spare the alcohol...."The crowd is back to its trancey, euphoric level again. Thumping base  and an energetic buzz pervade the room. /Great/ opening night!Erik nods. Yes. Good beat. Good music. Very spiff. He waves to someone  in the crowd that he knows -- one of the /maiko/ girls from the  August Moon? God help her if Kojitsune catches her here... "Hey!  Ripley!" He waves to The Boss.Caleb has arrived.Tari has arrived.CalebYou see a moody-looking fellow with a light-built frame, close-cropped  black hair, and a faint, distant smile. His age is hard to pin down  from where you stand, somwhere between twenty and thirty, you'd  guess. With a start, you notice a bit of plastic and metal at the  base of his skull -- an RS9k data jack. The man, it seems, is a  netrunner. Round glass lenses hang in front of his eyes -- shades  fused right into his cheekbones. It's impossible to tell where he's  looking through the dark lenses; it's quite likely he's studying  you.A full-length leather coat is all you can see of his attire; it's  cinched closed at the waist. It hangs loosely on his body,  disguising his build better than most clothing would. Covered with  zippered pockets, it contains various pieces of hardware he hasn't  yet found a better place for. A bulge underneath the coat gives away  the presence of some weapon; possibly a sword.A yellow badge is clipped to his trench-coat's belt, a wardrobe  afterthought that marks him as a civilian. A special data-systems  access tag on the badge, though, indicates that his netrunning  skills are more finely honed than the average station resident.Caleb is 27 years, 9 months, and 7 days old.2nd Lt. Sazn notes the shadowy figure.Caleb slips into the room, shades and all -- they've been replaced, from  the looks of it. He hangs near the wall, scanning the crowd, nodding  to recognized faces occasionally.Major Bannik gladly accepts his drink from the bartender, and toses it  back in one throws. Ahhh, very good. Burned the entire way down. He  leans back some, and begins to scan the room. He picks out a few  faces. Ripley's, of course. Sazn, Archon Wing, right? Umm... that  guy who seems to be eternally in party mode. He's sitting up in the  DJ booth. Hrm... gotta see what's he's got later. And... his mouth  almost drops. Caleb. In here? Now that is a surprise. And Tari too.  Guess this has pulled from all over Hope. He orders himself another,  and waits, trying to remember how he used to make himself look  avalible.2nd Lt. Sazn suddenly remembers something.THUMP. Thumpthump SLAM. There is /bass/ here. Erik's busy spinning  discs, trying to find that /oh so perfect/ combination of sounds.  The crowd, it seems, is appreciative. They are dancing like maniacs.Ripley smiles and waves back, weaving across the room to see what her  young dj is up to, before sea-tossed eyes catch on a new guest.  A  familiar face.  She stands still a moment, buffeted slightly by  passing party-goers before changing course entirely, heading for the  shady character near the wall.Tari walks carefully into the room and winces as the music becomes  apparent. Her foot starts tapping despite herself, and she clears  her throat quietly, moving carefully out of the doorway. No one will  notice her foot tapping in the shadow.TariA female who looks to be in her early 20s, and is about 5'4'' tall. Her  face is lightly tanned, accented by fairly pronounced cheekbones and  a not-overly hawkish nose who's sides are colored by faded red,  sunburn-like. Light blue-grey eyes peer out at the world. Her  medium-brown hair is curly and has a slight reddish tint to it, it  comes down to her upper back, a few strands escape the black cloth  tie that binds it behind her. An earring with two small crystals on  it (one an almost clear blue/grey, one the color of blood) dangles  on one ear.Her figure is thin, wiry, but it might be hard to tell from her clothes,  a grey hooded shirt (the hood is down) worn over black pants, which  slightly touch well-worn light brown shoes. Two patches are sown  onto her shirt, a yellow one on one of the wrist-length sleeves, and  a purple one on her shoulder. The purple one looks made more for  necessity then decoration. She moves with a quiet ease, not exactly  graceful, more hesitant. Her voice is in the middle range and quiet,  her inflection /almost/ melodic.Tari is 21 years, 6 months, and 18 days old.2nd Lt. Sazn walks over to the front desk.Caleb catches that glance from Ripley, and raises a hand in a half-wave,  half-shake. "Tass." His voice is just barely heard over the music.Tari looks over to Ripley as she notices her heading in this direction,  then over to Caleb..seems the shadowed spot could be a little more  unoccupied, but isn't. She abruptly moves out of the way, humming  along with the beat.Jon, Resident Big Guy That Is Not To Be Messed With, is filtering around  the room, keeping things hopping, but not hopping /too/ much. Things  look to be quite active, but not over-rowdy. Very nice party!Major Bannik sees Ripley otherwise occupied, and his eyes scan the rest  of the room... and rest upon Tari. Well, looks like she's alone, for  now. So... he throws back another of the drinks, feeling the  warmness from the alcohol begin to take effect. He stands, goes into  his business posture, puts on a good-natured grin, and begins to  weave his way through the crowd.2nd Lt. Sazn talks to the guy at the front desk."Caleb."  Ripley stands only a couple feet away, her posture belying  discomfort.  Same person?  She doesn't know how to /talk/ to him.   "How are you?" she asks finally, lamely, but for lack of anything  better to say.2nd Lt. Sazn points to his blue badge.Erik catches a glimpse of - *gleep!* - it's the dude from the  shuttlebay. Egads. Well.. he knows the /boss/.. so...The man at the desk shakes his head.Tari wanders on until she comes to a wall reasonably close to the  enteranceway. That's all she needs. She sits down, head and feet  moving a bit to the beat. Not bad..2nd Lt. Sazn pounds his fist on the desk yelling at the man.Caleb reaches out a hand for Ripley's "In your debt. That's how I am.  Jori 'n Vet say I owe you bigtime." His voice is barely discernable  -- he's not shouting. But those black lenses are clear, now, and  he's smiling with his eyes to Ripley.He shakes his head violently in response.Major Bannik weaves, ducks, dodges, and gracefully excuses himself from  the crowd, his target on the recluse sitting in the corner. In a  party, no less. He ducks a waiter running by, and finally reaches  his destination. He grins, "Hey, Tari. Wanna dance?"Jons frowns. This is Not A Good Thing in his world of thought. Slides  through the crowd like hotknife through butter -- amazing,  considering his size -- and approaches the desk. "Problem?" He asks  the desk manager.Tari looks up to Bannik and blinks. Dance. Umm, right. Umm, right!  "Alright.." She shrugs and pushes herself to her feet, smiling a  bit. Voice loud enough to be vaugely heard, "I wonder if the music's  loud enough.."The manager says "Dis guy won't turn in his weapons."2nd Lt. Sazn points at his badge.Lt. Jg Schmidt has arrived.Ripley relaxes visibly now that she can see his eyes...much much better.   Fingers wrap and hold for a few moments, her expression serious as  she shakes her head.  "Nothing....you don't owe me a thing.   Remember our agreement?"  Too preocuppied to notice what's happening  at the desk...or she would be over there quite angrily at the  moment.Major Bannik grins some, finally seeing some life from her. He pulls her  to her feet, and escorts her into the middle of the floor, "Loud?  This ain't loud. This is comfortable." He chuckles, and begins  moving with the music.Jon smiles and shakes his head to Sazn. The music's loud, but there's a  universal gesture 'round these parts -- patting the hip, and  thumbing towards the door. No weapons -- house rules. There's no  malice, just friendly professionalism. With no exceptions.Lt. Jg Schmidt strolls in and looks aroundLt. Jg SchmidtBefore stands a tall, muscular man. His deep black eyes shine with  intensity and knowledge. His facial features definitely give away  his origins as European and when he speaks, he speaks with a German  accent. His black hair is kept relatively short and a white streak  goes from his white temple all the way to the back of his head. He  is wearing the normal duty uniform of a Fleet officer with his rank  badges denoting the rank of Ensign.Schmidt is 22 years, 5 months, and 5 days old.2nd Lt. Sazn says, "What about the loverboy Major there?"2nd Lt. Sazn says, "I'm sure the Major is still packing heat."Tari is standing next to the wall, apparently talking (or shouting?) to  Bannik. "I don't want to know what you call loud, then." She  'grumbles', following him out. Pause as she watches him for a  moment, foot tapping to the beat. Well, it's a start, and her other  foot follows. Hmm.Caleb considers that for a moment, and nods. "Then don't consider it a  debt between associates." Hand relaxes and slips out of grasp, to  fumble with a pocket. "Just friends." Yes, that's about right, Caleb  thinks.Lt. Jg Schmidt walks in with the confidence of someone who used to haunt  the clubs in downtown Los angeles. He strolls up to the bar and  orders a water...interesting. He looks out on the dancefloor and  smiles slightly as he sees Tari out thereJon furrows an eyebrow -- or both, it's hard to tell, since they merge  into a single line over his eyes -- and points to the Major. "Him?"  Shrugs. Then the Major'll have to turn them in, too, his look says.  "Just have some fun... we're here t'keep things under c'ntrol," Jon  says. Can't quite hear him over the crowd, though.2nd Lt. Sazn grudingly slams his gun on the table, "take the damn  thing!"Major Bannik chuckles some, and watches her, nodding, "Loud is a plasma  engine firing without a muffler..." He grins again, always having  the constant pilot analogies. He begins to weave with her in the  crowd, dancing as the beats and rhythms change, and grinning widely.  He can't remember the last time he had this much fun.2nd Lt. Sazn storms off to the bar.Erik is busy in the booth, swinging CDs like a cook handles flapjacks.  WHAM! Thudthumpthump! BASS. Yes, this is Erik's kind of music. The  crowd is a mass of teeming Dance Particles.2nd Lt. Sazn slowly sneaks up to the DJ.Ripley smiles slightly, arms folding up to hug her body slightly as she  turns to look over the dance floor, the dj, still unaware of the  struggle at the front desk.  "What do you think?" she ventures,  sidling a bit closer in order not to be overheard too much, but not  so close as to be invasive.  "A good thing?"Sazn whispers, "Put something slow on for the Major."Tari raises an eyebrow, hearing just picking Bannik's words out from the  music. "I wouldn't know." She casts a sighing glance over at her  spot by the wall..it was so comfortable there..the rest of her picks  up the rythim along with her feet, and that's that. This is kind of  fun, anyway.Erik looks at Sazn as if he's grown a third head. Blink. Blinkblink.  Then replies, not loud enough to be heard by any others.2nd Lt. Sazn slips the DJ some cash.You whisper, "You gotta be kidding! The crowd is hot!" to Sazn.Sazn whispers, "Not too slow then"Caleb arches a brow to Ripley. And smiles. "Good thing? Yeah." He nods.  Then turns to look over the crowd, and leans closer. Quiet whisper.  Or at least in this room it is -- anywhere else, it would be  shouting.2nd Lt. Sazn points to a CD in the booth.Major Bannik chuckles some to himself, somewhat surprised that Tari  agreed to have fun in the first place. He glances over at the DJ,  and can't help but laugh somewhat, they way he's acting. Seems to  have absorbed the energy of the room. He continues at his somewhat  frenzied pace, trying to remember when he had this much fun last.Caleb pulls a hand from one pocket and extends it to Tass; a friendly  smile goes with it.Lt. Jg Schmidt turns and as he looks about the room he spots a familiar  face. Schmidt's face drops and he almost drops his  glass...impossible...........he can't be here.......Sazn whispers, "this one isn't slow but is a fav of his"Erik looks dubious, but nods after a moment. "Later!" he shouts, tapping  his watch. Like, an hour later? Half an hour? SOmewhere around  there. Don't want things to slow down too fast...Ripley smiles again, wider, a hint of the old comraderie coming back  into her eyes as she takes the hand, firmly this time, and leans in  to reply.Lt. Jg Schmidt quickly recovers and turns away from Caleb and the rest  of the peopleSazn whispers, "I'll get back to you"2nd Lt. Sazn walks away from the booth.Tari's pace isn't nearly frenzied, unsurprisingly. Her gaze shifts over  to Schmidt as she notices him turn away and she frowns a little to  herself, still 'dancing', but slowing down a bit.Lt. Jg Schmidt downs his water and then turns back to the dancefloor.  Caleb can wait.....Erik nods. Well, hey, tips already. Can't be too bad! 'Nother disc goes  in. WHAP! Shuffleshuffle ZING. Nice tune... creative, those Chemical  Brothers. Named after an old 20th-C group, too, Erik thinks.Lt. Jg Schmidt slowly walks onto the dancefloor getting a feel for the  music. As he walks onto the floor he smiles slightly and starts to  move with the rythm of the musicCaleb nods to Ripley. "Understood." He pauses for a moment, then thinks  for a moment. Nods to a corner where there's a bit of quiet.  Relatively so, at least... "Won't keep you for but a moment... can I  chat for a second?"Lt. Jg Schmidt's dancing speed increases with the frenzy of someone who  is used to doing it..."Of course...I think everything's under control.  No need to supervise  constantly."  Ripley nods and wanders off towards the intended  corner, a business-like expression taking hold over her features.Major Bannik spots Schmidt, and grins some, plots forming in his mind.  He gently leads them over towards him, then seems to "bump" into  Schmidt's back. He turns around to "apologize", then grins, "Hey,  man..."Tari smiles a little as she notices Schmidt walking on and turns her  gaze back to that no-spot-in-particular place in the wall.  Tap/tap/swish go her feet..used to doing it she isn't, but she  clearly isn't having a terribly bad time. She follows Bannik's lead  subconsciously, watching the two with a slightly raised eyebrow.Lt. Jg Schmidt nods slightly to Bannik but seems to ignore him for the  moment. He whirls and continues to daneMajor Bannik sighs some, then elbows Schmidt, and slightly jerks his  head in Tari's direction, whispering something.Caleb follows behind Ripley; coat cinched, shades in place... Flashback,  for a moment, to months ago in the Aerobrake. He smiles at the  memory, and speaks quietly to her -- once again, in a voice that would  be shouting elsewhere.Tari blinks as she watches Schmidt, as if a little surprised at his  grasp of the music, then 'wanders' off in another direction, dancing  by herself as much as one can in a group of people.A smile tugs at the corner of Schmidt's mouth and he smiles even more as  Tari moves off by herself...as if waiting for that to happen. He  slows his pace a little and dances over by Tari....perhpas trying to  get her to loosen up a littleLt. Jg Schmidt winks at Bannik and turns to face Tari, dancing a little  more at her speed now, accentuating his movements with the musicMajor Bannik nods some, mission accomplished. He passes by the big dude,  umm, Jon? or something, and nods some to Schmidt. He walks over by  Jon, pulls out his CAP, and tosses it up in the air at him, "Hey,  catch!" He chuckles some, pocketing the power pack into his pocket,  and turning for the bar.The music changes just a bit, now -- something seriously dancy, but a  bit slower. The crowd's tempo matches.Jon catches the CAP -- old football jock, he? -- and growls something  under his breath about hotshot pilots. It's tagged, and stuffed in  the box with the other weapons. Sigh. Chuckle.Tari half-closes her eyes, rolling her head a bit..ouch. Okay, watch  yourself more girl, and stop looking like an idiot, seems to be her  mental message to herself. And the music is even complying..she  smiles a bit to herself and turns, then notices Schmidt, and the  smile doesn't quite fade. Bit of a wave, as well as she can while  still staying in the music's beat.Ripley's expression remains somber, her mind in high gear.  A few  assorted emotions flicker across the blue-green canvas of her eyes  before she nods and replies, matching Caleb's volume.Lt. Jg Schmidt smiles reassuringly at Tari as if telling her your doing  fine......and perhaps trying to convey a sense of fun at the same  time..lord knows she needs to let her hair down a littleErik notices Tari for a sec -- while massaging the trebble on this sound  board. Oooh, euphoria. Ripley /knows/ how to set up a sound system.  Wow... the girl can /dance/. He grins.Quasimoto has arrived.Caleb's expression changes slightly. And he shakes his head to Ripley --  correcting a misunderstanding, or some such thing. A hand flicks up  to the ceiling, indicating something.Major Bannik slides his way back over to the bar, and sits down,  ordering another of those really good drinks. He looks over to  Ripley, and sees her still talking to Caleb, so he'll leave her  alone... for now. He accepts his drink, and begins to sip, when  another woman slides in next to him. He sighs.2nd Lt. Sazn sits in dark corner.Tari gives Schmidt a bit of the rolling-the-eyes look, though a smile  dances in her eyes, perhaps that actually /was/ a little reassuring.  She's on the floor dancing, as many of the other people in her are,  amazingly enough.Quasimoto walks in and looks around. A beautiful Oriental woman is at  his side. His mouth curls into a smile...well maybe a smile. He  walks over to a booth and flags down a waitressQuasimotoAs Quasimoto walks into the room you notice right away one thing. He is  Japanese and he is tall. At 6' 2 Quasimoto stands out in a crowd and  for good reason. He wears the latest in fashion wear, business or  otherwise. As he scans the room with his coal black eyes he  constantly smiles and talks with a soft accent, from years of being  away from his homeland. His jet black hair is long and tied in a  pony tail, reaching down to the small of his back. On his left lapel  is the symbol of the Mitsubsihi corporation. He wears the yellow tag  of a Hope resident.2nd Lt. Sazn unzippers a pocket on his flight suit.Lt. Jg Schmidt moves a little closer to Tari now....matching her  movements as she dancesJon notices that unzipping and watches. He's not /distrustful/ per se,  but he's alive because he notices things like pockets and glances  and large clubs.Nurse Enda has arrived.The party is in full swing -- dancing patrons everywhere, bass thumping  at your chest, and waitresses weaving through the crowd with drinks.  Zow! This place /rocks/.Nurse Enda steps in cautiously, her eyes scanning the room carefully  before she takes any further steps in.Nurse EndaYou see a young woman appearing somewhat under 20 years of age. Her form  is quite slight, suggesting she may have come from one of the lunar  colonies, and she moves with an airy grace. Her milky white skin and  hair contrast sharply with the soft red dress that she wears. Her  hair is braided into two long braids which reach midway down her  back, tied off by thin ribbons.Enda is 18 years, 3 months, and 4 days old.Quasimoto smiles as the waitress returns with a bottle of wine. She  opens it and pours out two glassesTari looks at Schmidt for a moment, then smiles a bit to herself,  perhaps idly wondering why she feels like making up some impossible  step. She makes her movements a bit slower, fitting back into the  music's rythim as if she actually has to concentrate to do so..or  maybe not concentrate to do so. Who knows which.Ripley's business facade falls away in a flash, and sea colored eyes  widen and flicker with something...fear?  She moves closer to Caleb,  brow furrowed. Her expression still serious, but less impersonal by  far.Erik waves. "Enda!" He shouts over the crowd. Or tries to, at least...  Been a long time since he's seen her around! Shuffle clickclick. New  disc in the player... SLAM! A high octane number with a salsa rhythm  and bass to make your feet tingle.The woman by Quasimoto's side whispers into his ear, and Quasi laughs.Major Bannik begins good-naturedly chatting with the woman, sipping  slowly from his drink, not really wanting to come back home smashed  tonight. He continues to glance around the crowd again, and spots  the one time bar tender at Earls, and smiles some, nodding to her.Nurse Enda winces a bit, her nerves tingling more than her feet.2nd Lt. Sazn pulls several holopics out of his open pocket.Lt. Jg Schmidt changes his rythm and matches the music now...he loses  concentration for a moment...he seems to love this songQuasimoto looks about the room quietly sipping his wine. As Caleb passes  into his range of vision he smiles slightly and continues on looking  about the roomTari puts a hand to her ear as she moves a bit faster..ouch, isn't it  nice when your hear pounds in your ears. She'll come home deaf  tonight. She watches Schmidt for a moment, then tries to match his  steps, going quite a bit faster now, necessary to the music.2nd Lt. Sazn slowly scans the room.Caleb pauses for a moment, as Ripley's tone and demeanor change. A hand  raises and a shoulder pulls upward in what can only be a classic  French Shrug. The universal gesture of uncertainty and  refusal-to-be-pinned-down.2nd Lt. Sazn squints slightly under the low light.Lt. Jg Schmidt moves into the latest dance step...a crazy combination of  steps and spins... where did he learn to dance!Major Bannik excuses himself, and gets a re-fill on the drink, bringing  it with him, and heads for the DJ. He steps up near the booth, and  nods to him, "Hey, how ya doin'? Helluva job you're doing  tonight..."Nurse Enda quietly presses her way back towards the entrance through the  crowd of bodies.  Not that it's particularly obvious that she's  being quiet.  With the noise being put out by the speaker system,  it'd probably be impossible to hear one of the wings of fighters  practicing high-speed maneuvers around the ceiling...Erik's brows hit the ceiling as Bannik pays the compliment. Whoa...  "Thanks!" The shout can just be heard -- the DJ's booth is louder  than the /rest/ of the room. "Just havin' fun! Who're you with?" He  scans the crowd for a moment.Tari might be guessing at where Schmidt learned to dance, or she might  just be having fun dancing. Maybe a combination of both. She stops  and just watches him, foot tapping, then she shifts into a  twisting-spinning 'step'. There's no question of where she learned  to dance..she didn't..but she's having fun anyway.Lt. Jg Schmidt stops his dance step and watches Tari as she spins and  looks a little shocked....she is good!Major Bannik steps up onto a ledge just on the booth, so he doesn't have  to shout so much. He takes a sip from the drink, and swishes it  around in his mouth, tasting it carefully, before swallowing. He  turns back to the DJ, "Noone... fiancee is asleep, I was out  wandering, heard the music, and got pulled here... just sorta having  a good time..."Lt. Jg Schmidt grins and just moves to the music now. He is having fun  watching Tari have funRipley nods, taking a step back and letting her gaze sweep the crowd  reflectively, arms still crossed in front of her.  Comforting  herself if nothing else.  A few moments pass and she offers up a wan  smile to Caleb, leaning precariously to get a few more words in  without moving her feet.Quasimoto watches quietly from his boothErik ahhh's silently to Bannik. Well, he might've said, Ahhh, but the  loudness of te room has already been expounded on, no? "Cool! Oh,  Owen, right!" He nods to Bannik. "Tell her Hi?"Tari stops for a moment after Schmidt stops, while he's still stopped.  Was that a blush? Perhaps. She carefully moves back into the rythim,  going a bit slower now.2nd Lt. Sazn glances back and forth between his pics and the room.Major Bannik raises an eyebrow, surprised her remembered, then nods,  "Yeah, Gill... sure thing. Don't worry, next time she's up, I'm  gonna drag her down here..." He shakes his head, taking another sip,  "Helluva job she did..." He turns back to the DJ, "Want something to  drink?"Caleb extends a hand to Ripley, for another firm grip. "You're good  people, Tass. Thanks." The shades fade. And they're black again,  even in the dark of the room. Caleb The Person is once again Caleb  The Walking Intel-Gathering Machine.Lt. Jg Schmidt continues to dance and moves close to Tari..getting a  little less formal nowRipley smiles back, more assuredly this time, crossing palms for perhaps  the last time this night.  "Sometime, when you're free...stop by for  a visit."  With that she lets it go, content with the fact that he's  back.Byar has arrived.Erik nods an affirmative to Bannik. Way mondo big affirmative. "Yeah!  Non-Alc! Just something with some zing, 'K?" He grins. Maybe these  Force guys aren' so bad after all...2nd Lt. Sazn looks around cautiously and returns the pics to his pocket.Major Bannik nods again, and sets his drink on the little island where  Erik's working. He hops down, heads over to the bar, and orders a  mixed, no-al drink, with some zing. He heads back, and hands it to  him, "There ya go..." He picks his drink back up, and takes anotehr  sip, "Great view from up here..."Tari moves one step closer to Schmidt, not minding, as she continues to  move to the music, as slow as one can to a 'salsa beat'.Caleb considers that, nods to Ripley. And for a moment, the whole face  -- not just hidden eyes -- softens. It's a good thing, he's  thinking, to have friends in a place like this. "I will."2nd Lt. Sazn stands and goes farther back into the nightclub.Byar Looks around curiously.Ripley notes the change, and simply smiles back, her own facades rather  transparent for the time being.  But duty will call, it always does,  and then she'll go back to being the person expected of her.  Until  chance arises and guards drop again.Erik accepts the drink. Woo! Swallow, gulp, Zing indeed. "Thanks!" He  tweaks the sound, finesses trebble and midtones, and turns back to  Bannik. "So, you club much?"Lt. Jg Schmidt moves even closer to Tari, matching his movements to  tahhat of Tari's. He smiles slightly as he looks into her eyesMajor Bannik turns back to Erik, and raises an eyebrow, "Club much?  Don't say that I do... most stations really don't have good  clubs..."Tari's gaze shifts up to meet Schmidt's for a moment and she smiles a  little in return..and keeps on dancing. Couldn't stop even if she  wanted to.Jon notes Byar's presence over by the door. Jon's not just a Bouncer;  he's a Social Director! "Anything I can help ya with?" He smiles  friendly-like, shouting over the music.2nd Lt. Sazn quickly turns and heads for the door.Caleb slips out, towards the wall, where he can be himself. IE, no one  in particular. A glance at Ripley, then scans the crowd.2nd Lt. Sazn says, "come on, gimmie my gun."2nd Lt. Sazn pounds on the desk "can you be any slower?"2nd Lt. Sazn looks back quickly.Ripley drifts away from the wall and over to the front desk, more than  happy to leave the conversation on that note.  "Can I help you?"   This directed to Sazn...rather irate at the moment.  "Might break  that desk."2nd Lt. Sazn grabs his gun and runs out the door.2nd Lt. Sazn leaves for the Door.Ripley watches the Lieutenant leave in a hurry, eyes narrowed to emerald  slits as the linger upon the door.  A shake of the head clears that  expression, and she turns back to 'mingle' some more, facades firmly  in place.Major Bannik throws back the rest of his drink, and nods a thanks to  Erik, "Might hop up here a little later, if ya don't mind..."Erik watches Ripley mingle. Yep... the Boss Is About. Look busy. WHAM!  ThumpBump. New song, new beat, same bass. He nods to Bannik. "Cool!  And thanks!" Grin is flashed, and a hand reaches up to brush unruly  strands of blond from his eyes.Major Bannik chuckles some, and nods, and hops down from the booth,  winding his way over to Ripley. He grins, "Hey..."Lt. Jg Schmidt moves even closer to Tari now and is almost within  reaching distance. He continues to dance, slowing his movements a  littleCaleb's eyes follow the crowd. Active bunch here tonight, Caleb thinks.  Knows people who would love it for the experience itself, not just  the opportunities it affords. But today, he's not one of those  people. Sigh. He turns, searching for the bar. Might as well get a  drink while he's here..."Well, hello, Major dear," Ripley intones, her voice smooth and dark  like bronzed honey, oozing with sweetness at the sight of Bannik.   "Come to keep me busy?"Tari changes her step slowly enough for it to become fairly unnoticible  as the music's switched. A step to the side and one forward, as she  becomes accostomed to this new beat, though her gaze doesn't shift  from Schmidt's now. Fun Is Fun.Major Bannik raises an eyebrow, and grins some, "Ripley, my dear, I had  assumed even I wasn't man enough to keep you busy..." He chuckles  some, "Very nice job you did..."Lt. Jg Schmidt takes another step forward and he reaches out with one  hand and places it on Tari's hip. in a respectable place, not low  down or anything. He pulls her gently forward and dances with the  musicA few more crowd in from outside -- Zero G folks who couldn't /help/ but  hear the party from the hub. Yeehaw! Jon, dutifully, pats down a few  of the rougher-looking ones and waves them in with a friendly smile.Ripley gives a slight shrug of the shoulders, a nod and a twinkling of  the eye showing she agrees with Bannik's first comment.  "It turned  out well, I must say," she shouts, surveying her handiwork almost  smugly.  "I had help, of course.  And Erik's a good dj."  Quite glad  she found the boy...or rather, the boy found her.Erik is still spinning away. Disc, disc, 'nother disc... Bing! Aural  Reality, the unreleased remix. In it goes. And, zap. Ready for play  as soon as the current tune finishes. Erik takes a moment -- just  one -- to lean back and breathe. Takes a sip from his glass and  grins a massive canary-eating smile. Yeah... this is good.Major Bannik nods some, his eyes drifting back to the over-active DJ,  and grins some. Suddenly, he grabs Ripley's hand, "My dear, may I  have this dance?"Tari allows herself to be pulled forward quite readily and reaches out  to take Schmidt's other hand with her own. Tap-tap-tap-tap-slide,  and once the song's finished, she smoothly shifts pace into the new  one, starting to get the hang of this.Caleb is drifting towards the door, slowly but surely. Lots of people,  having fun, all that jazz. Not the mood for him, at the moment.Vet has arrived.Ripley blinks up at Bannik, only a little bit of feigned surprise.  The  rest of it is /quite/ real.  "I don't know...dancing is just  something I don't do.  Besides, I have to maintain that business  distance..."Lt. Jg Schmidt reaches out and takes Tari's other hand and dances with  her, spinning her slowly around the dance floor as everything around  him ceases to exist...except Tari of courseVet blinks. Plonk, this place is packed...VetSharp eyes the color of honey gaze at you from a well-shaped face. Quick  and canny, they size you up befure full lips pull into a smile. The  young woman is a lean, mean... /something/ machine. You don't know  what that something is, but she obviously means business.Her movements are fluid and efficient; economy and poetry combined.  Raven-black tresses have been cropped into a functional hairdo  that's stylish even when it's messed up -- she doesn't have time to  worry about those things in the morning, you suppose.. Her outfit  seems to reflect this idea as well: a cream-colored bodysuit and a  worn leather jacket are her only attire, save a pair of tight-laced  boots that rise just below her knees. The outfit is undeniably  functional, and serves to accentuate her subtle curves.Pay too much attention to those curves, and you'll likely miss the  utilty belt slung low on her hips; a small hand-held device, perhaps  a taser, finds its home there among other gadgets. The purple badge  tucked into one of the belt's pockets marks her as a visitor, but  she doesn't look like she's leaving anytime soon..Vet is 25 years, 8 months, and 24 days old.Major Bannik raises an eyebrow, and pulls her out onto the dance floor,  "Yeah, and you have to have some fun... and I say you need a break..  come one, loosen up. It's the grand opening, dammit!" He chuckles  some, then drags her through a wall of people, blocking an easy  escape, and begins to dance.Egad. Vet at door. Door bad. Caleb develops a sudden interest in all  things near the bar, and drifts there. More like /cruises/, but  hey...Tari follows Schmidt's movements, gaze locked on him. A swallow, and she  smiles, a full smile..sighing a contented sigh inwardly.Vet rolls a houlder, slipping her jacket up a bit farther. Scans the  room like she's hunting for dinner, and is disappointed to find mere  cheetos. Oh, well... She makes her way to the bar, weaving in and  out of the crowd -- farther into the dancing floor than she needs  to, but why not? It's a party after all.Lt. Jg Schmidt smiles at Tari and continues to dance...perhaps hoping  the DJ would chose to put on a nice slow dancing song *WINK WINK  NUDE NUDGE*Ripley finds herself dragged, literally, onto the dance floor.  Not  forced to dance, by any means...but the music /is/  inviting...slowly, ever so slowly, the rhythms seep into her body,  and limbs move of their own accord.Major Bannik grins some, and nods, moving in swing with Ripley, "Told ya  you'd like it..."Tari's energy hasn't run out yet, probably since she's been moving as  slowly as possible to this music while still keeping the beat. She  holds Schmidt's hands carefully, almost as if afraid she'll hold  them too tight or somesuch.Erik complies. Man, with all that body language, who /couldn't/ put it  on? In slides the disk. No, it's not a /slow/ song... But yeah, Erik  thinks to himself.. it's about as close as y'all will get when he's  slinging the discs. Grin grin.Lt. Jg Schmidt pulls Tari a little closer and edges his face in a little  more, gazing into Tari's eyes....hrm.....is it obvious?Major Bannik looks over at Erik as he turns on the slowest song of the  night, and reconsiders for a moment... Gill would kill him... He  sighs some, then shrugs. Totally innocent. And he has witnesses.  Right, Schmidt? He grins a little, and moves a little closer ot the  nightclub owner.Lt. Jg Schmidt is lost in his own little world right now. Leave a  message and he will return your thought as soon as it is humanly  possible *beep*Caleb is a witness, too. And for some very odd odd reason, he's not  making a tape and clipping out excruciatingly bad-looking portions  for distribution. He watches with a bit of a frown, then turns to  get his drink. No use interfering, Caleb... Just leave it. He sips  thoughtfully.Tari carefully lets go of one of Schmidt's hands and wraps that arm  around his waist, dancing close. Sigh.Vet is still weaving through the crowd. No, she never did make it to the  bar... but she's injected herself into the middle of things and  seems to be having a not bad time. Arms above her head, moving with  the beat... no particular partner, just the crowd itself.Lt. Jg Schmidt wraps his free arm around Tari's waist and he and dances  slowly, smiling contendedlyLt. Jg Schmidt moves in closer with his face and his eyes flicker  between Tari's lips and her eyesContent..that's a good word, and describes Tari well. She looks into  Schmidt's eyes for a long moment, just looks, then leans her head on  his shoulder quietly, eyes half-closing.Lt. Jg Schmidt sighs happily and continues to dance slowly moving around  the dance floor.Tari's half-closed eyes look at nothing in particular as she follows  Schmidt's steps, almost moving in sync, looking a bit tired as the  formerly loud beat of the music finally leaves her brain.Ripley is pulled close, not altogether willingly at /all/.  A sharp  glance is shot dj-wards...she and Erik will have to have a small  chat about putting the 'Boss' in compromising positions.  Movements  that were fluid become slightly stiff, well aware of watching eyes,  and the disapproval within them.Erik is blissfully ignorant, which is great for now but will probably  Hurt Real Bad (tm) later. New song starts to fire up. Still slow,  but building back towards the original tempo.Lt. Jg Schmidt notices he tiredness and moves to the edge of the  dancefloor, sensing a shift in the musicCaleb is sipping his drink; watching Vet's movements with a bit of  wariness, but not to omuch concentration. Another swallow, and a  look over to Bannik and Ripley. Hmm.Vet slips out of the crowd, managing not to make contact -- body or eye  -- with anyone as she does. Back to the wall, she folds arms over  chest and watches the place.Tari follows, of course, for the moment blissfully oblivious to just  about everything. After a moment, once the edge of the dance floor  has been pretty much reached, her eyes open all the way and she  moves her head carefully off Schmidt's shoulder, smiling to him.Lt. Jg Schmidt smiles at Tari and takes her hand lightly into his  walking off the dancefloor. He makes his way over to a quiet booth  where the music is quieter at leastRipley slips gratefully out of Bannik's embrace, putting a fair amount  of open air between them.  Torture is one thing.  This is something  else altogether.  "I'm getting a bit tired, Major dear.  All the  excitement of opening night, and the music, you see."[lost pose -- Bannik is semi-drunk and finds a table to rest at]Tari squeezes Schmidt's hand gently as she walks alongside, tiredness  having hit her abruptly. She sits carefully down on one of the  booth's sides, sliding in a bit, smile not quite off her face,  though it has of course faded a bit.Lt. Jg Schmidt looks at Tari and notices she is tired. He motions to the  door and leans close to her, "We can leave if you want.....it isn't  going to get any quieter in hereTari nods a little and replies, just loud enough to be heard, "I think  that might be best.." Before her foot starts tapping again. She  smiles a bit, then tilts her head slightly to one side, "I mean, if  you don't mind.."Lt. Jg Schmidt smiles warmly and stands, "No i don't mind at all....i  can only take so much of places like thisVet sighs. Long day ahead of her... and Jori'll probably freak if she  hauls in late... sweeps towards the door with a few eyes following  her and heads out. Farewell, fine party!Tari nods a little, as if in thanks, as she stands as well. "This is the  first time I've been in one..but I can certainly understand that."  She grins a bit, then offers her hand.Lt. Jg Schmidt walks to the door, and takes one final sweep of the room  before walks outVet has left.Lt. Jg Schmidt taking Tari's hand into his as he walks outLt. Jg Schmidt has left.Tari follows alongside, careful not to bump into anyone, gaze shifting  from place to place. She gives a bit of a wave to Erik, though it's  probably not very noticible, as she exits.[Time passes. the party concludes.]Major Bannik groans some, and finally comes out of the drunken stupor he  slipped into a few hours ago. Wow, he must have lost that amazing  ability to hold his liquor...A hand claps Bannik's shoulder. "Hey there." Caleb speaks quietly.  "Gotta get you home in one piece."Major Bannik groans again, and opens one eye, "Caleb? What happened...  feels like a destroyer crashed through my head..."Caleb smiles a bit. "Yeah, that was Tass. And a ploughboy, I think.  Whatever it was you were drinking." Uncharacteristic of Caleb, this  quiet help. He offers a hand to the Major. "Need help home?"Major Bannik groans again, and pulls himself up, "Nah, I've stumbled my  way back there enough times before...." He yawns some, and looks  around, "Where is Ripley, speaking of which... wanna thank her for  the delightful night..."Caleb smiles, a touch. "Might want to do that later." Another pat on the  back. "Go find Owen, flyboy. Give her my best." A bit of emphasis on  that person, Caleb's voice has. Eyes scan the room reflexively.A nearby sergeant salutes. "Major Bannik!"Major Bannik groans again, "Gill.... hope she's still asleep... didn't  mean to stay out this later..." He steadies himself, and looks over  in the general direction of the voice, and waves, "Oh, hi..." Not  really looking. He stands, and stumbles some for the door, before  disappearing out it.