DariaStanding tall and fair-skinned, her shoulder-length auburn hair and geep  green eyes show evidence of her Irish ancestory.She is wearing a black, contemporay-styled blazer over an olive green  button-down shirt. hanging from her neck is a small dark shiney rock  dangling from a gold necklace.Pinned to her her collar is an iNexar identification badge.Daria is 32 years, 1 months, and 2 days old.ErikErik Davidson wears his twenty-some odd years with a shy smile and a  gleam in his eye. Idealism of youth hasn't passed away; the boyish  innocence in his smile has simply been salted with experiences and  sights once dreamed, now known. His too-long blond hair hangs into  his eyes a bit, and he brushes it away with an unconscious motion.  Not unattractive, but far from a hunk, he wouldn't stand out in a  crowd and seems content with that.Erik wears a pair of baggy coveralls; far removed from the docks he once  worked in, the 'look' is still kept for reasons of style rather than  necessity. A pair of headphones dangle from his belt, next to a  yellow civilian badge.Erik is 21 years, and 5 months old.Daria glaces at you as she enters the elevator.Erik leans against the wall of the elevator, hands jammed in his  pockets, chatting u pa storm with some member of the fairer sex.  "...So no, I mean.. I guess it's not a big deal but Jon seemed  really worked up about it, you know?" A glance over to the other  woman reveals a grin and a nod.Daria smiles politely as she looks over her choice of floors...she seems  to be taking her time, yes.And that'ssomething that can't be said for Erik's companion -- she grins  at his comment, and heads out at the next stop. "I'll tell him what  you said, okay?" And with that, she's off, leaving Erik to twiddle  his thumbs, with a stranger and all. After a moment, he looks over.  "You looking for a place?" Ever helpful, Erik is.Daria shrugs, still studying the console. "I'm not sure... I'm kind of  new here. I'm just looking around at the moment." She smiles, such a  helpful guy.Well. She's stuck in an elevator with the right person! "Really? Cool...  I mean,I can help you find whatever," Erik offers with a friendly  shrug. "I mean, I know my way around and I've got some time to  blow..."Daria smiles, pushing an unruley strand of hair behind her ear, "Really?  That would be nice... I haven't met anyone since I've been here."Daria looks as though she's suddenly remembered something, "Oh-- I'm  Daria, Daria McKnight.""How long've you been around?" Erik extends a hand in a friendly and  decidedly nonthreatening manner. "I'm Erik. Erik Davies; I'm the  deejay at the AB, coolest club around." That introduction is  followed by a broad grin, and a mock-skeptical inquiry. "So like,  what're you here about? Alien chasing and stuff?"Daria laughs, "Personally I don't care much for aliens, or space  stations, but you know... a job is a job. I got here yesterday." She  shoves her hands into her pants pockets, unsure of what else to do  with them. She looks around the elevator. "It seems like a nice  station, though... except that I'm mildly claustrophobic, so if we  could like go out into a bigger room, that would help." She manages  a smile.Erik winces. "Geeze, that's gotta be a bummer... I mean, I think you can  request a room transfer but it costs some, you know?" He rubs his  thumb and forefinger together, sighing. "You wanna see the res hub?  Or have you already been around there?"Daria nods, as anything would be better than this elevator.You say, "Well... cool." Grinning, he punches at the button. "Reshub it  is."Residential HubThe open, breezy atmosphere of the Residential Hub is enhanced by warm  lighting, and bits of greenery break the high-tech monotony.  Residents can be found wandering its open concourse at all hours;  though the lighting is designed to simulate Earth's day/night cycle,  many keep different hours. Silver and yellow stripes head in  opposite directions on the hub's floors, leading the way to Military  and civilian residential areas."...And so this is the main area," Erk says, gesturing to the wide  concourse of the Residential Hub. "But it's usually a lot busier  than this, you know?" Turning to face her, he grins.Daria thinks for less that an second, "Sounds great... anyplace in  particular?"Erik wells. "There's a bunch of places on the commerce hub but over  /there/--" He gestures a waggling finger towards an entrance.  "There's like, the lounge over there, it's got kind of a fridge and  a place to sack out and stuff. There are a bunch of 'em around the  station but this one's close..."Daria nods slightly, not exactly familiar with the concept but always  willing to try something new, "Ok."Erik nods towards the entrance. "Well, c'mon!" Grin.Residential LoungeA comfortable lounge for residents in this section of the station. A  small kitchen area is tucked into one corner, with couches and soft  chairs scattered about the room. On one wall, a large video panel  awaits use. A few residents -- and off-duty military personnel --  lounge about playing cards, chatting, or enjoying a quick bite to  eat away from the hustle and bustle of the commerce hub.Erik makes his way over to the fridge at the far side of the lounge --  waves to a guitar-playing fella sacked out on one of the couches and  looks back to Daria. "Want some bagels or something? I got a couple  stuck back..."Daria peers around, "Your right... quite cozy." she glaces to some of  the stranger residents sitting around, "Oh, sure... a bagel is  fine.."Well. Yeah, those are Erik's friends. Any comparisons to Lord ofthe  Flies will be resented. "So, like, what's got you here?"  Bagel is  snagged, and some -- gasp! -- cream cheese.Daria looks back over to you, "Oh, well, just some pretty dull work...  I'd hate to bore you with details.""Well, I mean..." He juggles his attention between the cheese and the  bagels, walking over to a table. "It's not like I've got anything  better t'do, Jenni an' Daniel are both gone so I'm just killing time  until work starts." He flops into a chair and nods towards the  opposite seat.Daria pulls out the opposite seat and sits down, "Jenny, was that... who  you were talking to in the elevator?" She realizes that was kind of  a rude question, "You don't have to answert that." But anyway, the  conversation is averted from her job. Whew.Erik nods happily. "Yep." Cut the bagel in half... spread cream  cheese... "She's been here for like, pushing a year." After a  moment, he screws up his expression thoughtfully. "Hey, I mean...  I'm sorry if I was bugging you with the tour and everything, I'm  just used to showing people around and stuff -- at the club and  everything, you know?"Daria nods, "Oh, it's fine.. I rather enjoyed it."Erik grins. "Okay.. cool. I mean, some people just get kinda peeved and  stuff, but you looked like you wouldn't mind some help getting  around." He pushes a bagel towards her on the table. "Here, have it  -- I can't eat all of them!"Daria accepts the bagel and looks at it for a second. She takes her  finger and wipes off the excess cream cheese from around the edge  and the center hole. "So... anything I should know about... places  to avoid? People to avoid?"Erik purses his lips. "Well..." Crunch. Bagel is chewed. "I mean, the  docking hub's kinda rough. But it's not really bad unless you run  into some of the lifers." Lifetime haulers and shippers; a rough  bunch, no doubt. "The UFO freaks always kinda get to me," he admits  with a grin. "I mean, it's like they actually expect to /find/  aliens or something..."Daria sighs, "I guess you'd have those types anywhere you go..." She  smiles, "What's the administration of the station like?""Administration? You mean the EC and stuff? Not bad I guess." Erik chews  on his bagel, and the question, in turn. "They seem pretty cool  about stuff, but they won't let anybody on the planet -- I mean, you  pro'lly knew that." His eyes flicker over the INexar badge  unconsciously.Daria smiles, "I could havre guessed that...Erik nods. "Well, I mean... you know how it goes..." His grin broadens.  "So you're like, here about the techie stuff or something, aren't  you? All the stuff on Vulcan they found?" Erik's voice has the tinge  of wide-eyed conspiracy theory to it. Uhoh.Daria laughs, "I'm just here as a company rep...  have you heard  anything about what they've found?"Erik shrugs expressively. "I mean, not much more than what's on the news  and stuff," he allows. "But I mean, sometimes the guys from the digs  come up here to blow off steam on their off weeks, you know?" Grin.  "And they like hanging around the  AB a lot..."Daria nods, "Wow... that's so cool..." She looks up at you with a  smiles, "Like what have you heard?"Daria tears off a piece of her bagel and chews on it.Well. Not much, really, but... "Lotta rumors about finding some hi tech  stuff down there... not just, like, buildings and stuff, you know?"  Erik frowns slightly at that -- "I mean, nothing more really... but  they all seemed really pumped about it...."Daria smiles, "Way cool..." She tears off another bite of bagel, "So,  who's heading up the project? I don't recall reading a specific name  in any of the news clips I've seen." Aha... she's looking for a  target."Well... I know there's a guy named Phil Doral who's working on some of  the stuff up here on the station..." Erik furrows his brow  thoughtfully. Look! He's a source of intel, and he doesn't even know  it! "I just heard a couple names about what's up down there,  though... you could probably ask around, you know?"Daria shrugs, "It's not important, just curious..."Uh-huh. Yeh. "Yeah, I mean... everybody's curious about stuff," Erik  allows with a dismissive wave. "I just spin the tunes, you know?"Daria nods, "I suppose there are a lot of people wanting information on  that stuff..." She smiles.Erik thinks about it and nods. "Yeah, I mean... there's some people even  going around and like, selling info, you know?" A grin. "I mean,  Miss Ripley's guy..."Daria hrms, "Who's Miss Ripley?"Erik ohs. "Umm... Tass Ripley? She's the lady who owns the AB. She's not  really around a lot though... busy with stuff she does, you know?"  Erik finishes off the last of his bagel, considering. "But the guy  she hangs out with sometimes hangs around a lot with the people  looking for info, and all that."Daria nods, "Oh well... it's really not important." She smiles. Why deal  with the little fish, she'll just go straight to the top.Erik nods. "Well... I mean, you might talk to him if you're interested  or whatever." Erik pops in the last bit. Chews happily and swallows.  "So like, what room are you in?"Daria hrms, "I don't exactly know... when I got here yesterday, the  quarters wern't ready yet."Erik ohs. And considers for a moment. "Well, I'll bet you could contact  the quartermaster and get one of the guesties for a while until it's  hammered out? I mean... especially if you're with one of the  corps..."Daria nods, "I'll have to do that."Erik pushes up from the chair -- and glances at his watch with a sigh  and a wince. "Ugh. I gotta jam for work in a couple... but like, if  you need anything just give me a call? You can always find me at the  AB -- in Veer square on the com hub." Another grin -- he's full of  them, isn't he?Daria stands up also and throws out the rest of her bagel. "I'll do  that." She smiles.