SaschaMyriad masses of braids, some almost as thin as thread, others  finger-thick, grow Medusa-like from her head, framing high  cheekbones and long face as they wend their way towards her waist.   Bits of multicolored ribbon intertwine with silver beads, almost  obscuring the true color of her hair, a mouse brown.  Almond shaped  eyes flash obsidian fire, flickers of resolve and flashes of  strength.  Her form reinforces the message in her eyes, body lean,  muscular, and used to fighting.Royal blue silk clings to her torso, shirt sleeveless and plain save for  the beauty of the fabric.  Black velvet, darker than the most barren  reaches of space, billows from her hips, streaming down towards the  floor.  Steel toed boots peek out from beneath her loose pants.  Totally out of place with the elegance of her clothing, a beat up  bag, army green canvas, hangs off her shoulder, yellow ID and state  of the art commo clipped to the strap.Sascha is 23 years, 10 months, and 30 days old.BishopBuilt tall and lean, Bishop is a hair under six foot, but far from  imposing. His manner exudes unassuming calm, his voice smooth and  quiet. Beneath thinning brown hair, his face is clean-shaven and  thin -- no, gaunt -- and a small scar nicks above one brow. The  perhaps-unsettling appearance is offset by the genuine warmth in  hazel eyes, and a faint hint of an amused smile.Bishop is 43 years, 7 months, and 29 days old.Zero-G Pub (#1189J)The artifical lights that line this packed bar's ceiling shine down on a  mix of chrome, steel and plastic. An odd decor, but one that fits  the establishment. The quiet roar of the crowd drowns out the usual  dull throb of machinery; it's almost enough to make you forget  you're on the station. The latest sports broadcasts loops in the far  corner of the bar on a giant video panel as the Bartender, Earl,  mixes up the best drinks this side of the belt. A whiff of smoke  drifts by from the back booth, where the grizzled miners sit. No  matter where you look, there are people playing poker, having a few  drinks or just looking for a good time.Sascha has arrived from Commerce Hub-Section 1.Bishop nods to a pilot from behind the bar. "Evening, Leiutenant." An  arched brow and a hint of a smile as the man finds a private place.  No need to bother anyone, apparently. He goes about his business,  cleaning the bar, and occasionally sorting through unseen bottles  and containers behind the counter. Bartender make-work.Sascha finds a seat, elbows rested upon the bar, chin cupped in her  hands.  A glance to the bartender, lips pursed slightly.  "You're  new, aren't you?"  An almost threat, yet her smile is friendly.The smile to the Lieutenant twitches to a fuller one at the nod, and  Bishop turns attention to the other patron present. "That I am." No  threat taken, really; he replies with the same calm meter that he  applies to all words. "Anything I can get you?" A friendly smile is  proffered as he gestures towards the bottles lining the wall behind  the bar.Sascha rubs her temples, eyes closed for a moment.  "Vodka please.  Not  in a shot glass.  One of the large ones."  Blinking owlishly, she  refocuses on the man in front of her, gaze examining unconsciously,  force of habit comparing him to others, gauging reactions and  expressions."Vodka it is. Any preferences? We just received a case in; a few good  names." A turn and a step put Bishop within arms reach of a few  squared-off bottles. "Red Star, Jonston, and a few of lesser note."  He glances over his shoulder, one brow perched higher in expectation  of answer."The best.  It's been a long and profitable day."  Sascha sighs again,  twirling once on her stool before resettling, braids clattering  loudly.  "So.  Who are you?"  Never say she doesn't speak her mind."Red Star it is, then." Bishop lifts the vodka -- the bottle a  utilitarian lump of glass -- and slides a glass to Sascha's place at  the bar, uncapping bottle and pouring drink with smooth, precise  motions. "Bishop, at your service. I suppose I'm the new bartender  here; Earl and I have spoken a few times before, it seemed he needed  a bit of help, and my previous employment looked less attractive in  light of this opening. Any other questions?" The words are delivered  as he pours, in the pleasantly inoffensive tone and rhythm of one  used to such inquiries. Eyes flick up to meet as he caps the bottle  and places it under-counter.Sascha cocks her head, thinking for a moment.  "No.  But an  introduction, if you'd like."  One hand grasps the glass, taking a  gulp, the other extended to Bishop.  "Sascha.  Oft-drinker at your  bar."Bishop accepts the hand with a faint smile. "Always a pleasure.  Successful day? Anything in particular?" He shakes once, firmly,  before releasing her hand and turning to busy himself with a bit of  bottle-organizing. Slow night, apparently.Sascha twitches a shoulder, beaded braids rattling and skating down into  new falls.  "A good sale.  Two, actually.  I figured it deserved a  drink, even if it had to be drunk alone.""Ahhhh. A celebration." Bishop looks over his cshoulder as he dusts an  unoccupied shelf. "Congratulations, then. I'm sorry we can't offer  much in the way of other patrons at the moment..." His smile turns  wry for a second as one hand gestures to the bar at large.Sascha slings back another gulp of the vodka, one hand almost demurely  wiping her mouth.  "Not bad stuff.  Better than I expected.  And it  isn't your fault there aren't people here.  No more than it is  mine."A shrug. No matter to Bishop, but it was offered nonetheless. "It is.  Made on Jericho, in fact." In one hand, a glass. In another, a  towel. Time to play put-everything-away. Note is made regarding the  patron. Don't ask about job. "But, I'm the bartender; my job to keep  things going, you know." Polish, dry, dry.You could ask about the job.  But Sascha would just evade, unless that  entire bottle finds its home in her stomach.  A smile, a nod.  "Keep  things going.  What sort of things?"  Obsidian eyes glimmer for a  second, gaze tired, ancient.Bishop shrugs, falling into the comfortable rhythm of idle chatter. "Oh,  the usual things one finds in a bar. Chatting, drinking, meeting  others." Glass is placed back with others. "And you?" Vodka is  offered once again. He is the bartender, after all.Sascha offers her glass for a refill, bottom already reached.  "I drink  well.  Chatting and meeting people is not my forte.  But it does  seem to be yours."  Head tilts, examining him again.  "I don't have  much to keep going.  My business is small enough that it doesn't  need watching all the time, and profitable enough for me to waste my  money on alcohol.  Or whatever I please."Liquid sloshes in to fill as Bishop complies dutifully. "It really is an  excellent label. Though I'm rather fond of schnapps." Bottle is  placed back on the shelf, drying of glasses is resumed. "Ahh. I see;  working for yourself offers all sorts of advantages that way." He  smiles, friendly, though it never 'splits' his face -- more of a  pleasant ripple.Sascha shakes her head.  "Not schnapps.  Too full of flavor.  Vodka just  burns pleasantly."  A gulp proves her words.  "Yes, working for  yourself can be good.  Can be lonely and boring too, though."  Out  of the blue, but logical to Sasch, "Do you like art?""A bit, here and there; I can't say I'm a collector, but I enjoy it as  much as anyone else." Bishops smiles. "Yourself?"Sascha sloshes back another gulp, eyes inspecting her hands as they curl  around the glass.  "That's my business.  I sell it."  Short, sweet,  and to the point.Bishop ahhh's and nods, attention shifting partially to the register; a  few notes are keyed into the scriber at its side before he looks  back up to her. "Sounds like fascinating work; I'd imagine you come  across some beautiful things."Sascha bobs her head, eyes still fascinated with her hands.  "Yeah, it's  great."  Drawl appears, almost out of nowhere, Southern burr ripping  apart carefully enunciated words.  "Profitable, at least."A brow rises, almost imperceptably, at the shift in accent. "I can  imagine. A good deal was simply destroyed in the war." More tapping  of scriber, and he looks up again. "Have you been at it long? Enough  to appreciate its profitability, at least." Bishop smiles at that;  perhaps it was meant as a joke?Sascha glances up, eyes hooded, solitude broken by a smiling face,  tongue loosened by too much liquor.  Not near enough to incapacitate  Sascha, but enough to dull senses slightly.  "About 2 years, this  time.  I was doing it for several years, then took a break, then  started again."  Chin shifts towards the scriber, a curious gaze.   "What are you doing?""Just totalling up the stocks." And in a few more taps, he's finished.  "It helps keep track of what drinks are most popular," Bishop  explains matter-of-factly. A pause. Perhaps he should offer a club  soda. "Furloughs can be quite relaxing. I've taken one or two  myself."Sascha nods slowly, fingers still laced around the half-drunk glass, not  raising it to her mouth yet.  "I c'n understand that, I s'pose."   Lips finally twitch into a smile, hard and cruel.  "My break wasn't  refreshing.  But it was a learning experience."Hmm. The words are weighed carefully, before he responds. "I see." A  quick gesture over the scriber shuts it down, and he lifts another  bottle -- seltzer -- to pour himself a quick bit to sip on. "All  things can be, I suppose. SOme are more pleasant than others,  though." Lips twitch into a rueful look, but no further comment is  made.Sascha's mind runs too fast for another to catch, too slow to follow in  her slight haze.  "Do you have many friends?"  Glance wanders up, to  meet his, another gentle sip, her movements still graceful, steady.Lips twitch into a smile at that question; not an unpleasant smile,  simply the only exercise of humor or amusement that the man seems to  make. No less felt, simply expressed more subtly as he sips the club  soda. "Well, I've only been here for a few weeks. Haven't had much  opportunity to socialize."Sascha rubs her temples, head shaking slowly.  "No, I mean anywhere.   Not just here.  I'm not sure what I'm asking, I'm sorry."  Smile  takes on its normal meanings, happy and sane.  "I'm just tired.""Ahh. Well... I suppose as few or as many as anyone. I never really  considered that much, myself." Bishop chuckles amicably. "No  apologies needed. You sound like you've been running on empty for a  while." It seems to be break-time, as he's sipping the club soda and  chatting; no other customers present at the moment, though, so it's  not much of an issue.Sascha tilts her head, matching his chuckle.  "Empty?  'Tis something  you think about when you didn't have any for a long time."  Lean  body shifts on the chair, a soft sigh.  "It's just been a /very/  long week."Lt. JG SchmidtBefore you stands someone who has done a lot in his life in a short  period of time. His eyes shine with knowledge and wisdom beyond his  years. His hair has all the signs of youthfulness, but the white  streak that runs along his right temple indicates a past trauma in  his life. He wears the standard uniform of a Fleet officer with a  ECSS Tyler patch on one shoulder.Schmidt is 22 years, 10 months, and 11 days old.Schmidt is seated at one end of the bar sipping on a beer flipping the  pages of a book."Oh? Seems like that line of work would put someone in contact with near  everyone." Bishop smiles; standing behind the bar, he chats quietly  with the young woman there. A glance 'round the room reveals  Schmidt, he sets down his own drink for a moment. "Anything else I  can get you, Lieutenant?" A glance to Sascha bids her continuance if  she prefers to chat further; work first, though. Of course.Sascha swirls vodka around in glass, then swirls again in her mouth,  taking another drink.  Glass clatters against table, fingers  steepling together, the young woman deep in thought for a moment,  not realizing how unlikely her openness is.Schmidt looks up as someone speaks to him. He adjusts to his  surroundings and smiles, "No thanks...i think i am all set here." He  scans the occupants of the room and nods to those he recognises.Schmidt sips his beer once again flicking another page. He smiles  slightly as he starts to read again....nope...he's not bored..no  no...Bishop nods to the -- what's that patch? -- the pilot. "If you need  anything, just wave." A tight smile and a nod, before he settles  back into the conversation. "Do you need anything else? Club soda  perhaps?" An eyebrow rises to Sascha. "And yes, I suppose those hard  weeks can be rather draining."Sascha glances up at the mention of the soda.  "I am not drunk.  Not  even /near/ drunk.  And, knowing a lot of people, and having friends  is truly different.  I think I have two now.  It's odd."  Fingers  twirl glass again, gaze observing the crystal slosh of mind-erasing  liquid.Schmidt tries not to listen to the conversation but is finding it  difficult. He shifts his weight in his chair to turn a better ear to  it. flick...sip...read...And who wouldn't find it difficult? The human ear is drawn to voices,  after all... "Oh? That's a blessing for any individual." Clearly  articulated words are offset by the smooth flow of a warm voice.  "Came by them recently?" Bishop continues chatting, though a careful  look is aimed at other patrons to assess possible needs for further  spirits, or other services."You could say that.  You could also say that it was a friendship born  of pain."  Sascha manages to look up at Bishop for a moment, meeting  a gaze if he wishes, before eyes slip downwards, pulled by gravity,  perhaps.  "Part of the hard week."Schmidt drains his beer and rests it on the bar with a tiny little  *clink* of the glass....maybe he'll have another one.Yes, eyes meet. Always there, Bishop's, warm hazel windows offering  sympathy or commisceration. "Ahhh. Understandable, then. Sometimes  the process can be a difficult one." Clink is noted, and Bishop  turns -- face rippling pleasantly to smile. "Another drink, then,  Lieutenant?" He's already reaching for another bottle of the same  brew; no use waiting for confirmation to begin motion, after all.Schmidt nods slightly, "Sure thing..." He turns his head as he suddenly  realises he doesn't even know the bartenders name...bad thing..every  man needs to know his bartenders name, "I'm sorry....i don't think  we have met...i'm Andrei Schmidt.And every woman.  Sascha smiles slightly, glass pushed a bit towards the  end of the bar.  "Could I have another half-glass?  I promise to  take it slow."  Sympathy is noted, written down upon the logs of her  mind, to be remembered on a clearer day.Bottle -- a long-necked affair with an Earth import label -- is clinked  down on the bar in front of the pilot. Bishop accepts the hand and  offers a firm shake, skin dry but not unpleasantly so. "Bishop. Just  arrived recantly, it's not surprising. Always a pleasure." A glance  back to Sascha, and a nod. "The same?"Sascha nods slowly, staring at her glass, hands folded in front of her.   "Please."  A glance to Schmidt, braids slinking into new shapes, a  hand is offered.  "I'm not sure if we've met either.  I'm Sascha."Schmidt smiles and nods to Bishop, "A pleasure.." He turns his head to  look at Sascha, "We haven't? i am sure we met somewhere..." He tries  to think where but then again...."Ah well...As the two introduce themselves, Bishop busies himself rustling up the  rest of the bottle. After a few moments rooting behind the counter,  and it's produced, liquid splashing into her glass to reach the  half-way point.Sascha tilts her head, wracking her slightly fuzzy brain.  "Perhaps.  I  will remember you this time, though.  My memory is a bit shaky at  times."  Hand reaches for the glass without as much as a glance, and  takes another sip, nodding to Bishop.Schmidt picks his beer again, "As will I."Schmidt smiles slightly and rests the book down, "so what do you do  abord the station Sascha?" He asks curioursly...."If you'll excuse me for a minute?" Bishop offers politely, as if he  were a host and not a pourer-of-drinks. A slip into the back room  for a brief moment takes the man from view.Sascha nods, seat twisting, body angled towards Schmidt.  "I'm an art  dealer.  Antiques, mostly, but some modern stuff."  Her job is  respectable enough.  The ways the merchandise is gotten?  Not so  much.Schmidt ahhh's quietly, "I see. Well I guess it is pretty obvious what I  do aboard Hope." He chuckles...yes...one of those boring pilot jocks  who talk about nothing but flying and how much they can drink...but  this one seems different....quiet spoken..nice even.Sascha's eyes sweep his uniform, darkening for a brief second before she  nods.  "Aye.  Fleet?"  Glass is sipped again, level going down  rapidly enough.Schmidt nods slightly, "Fleet......its just a job really..."Bishop re-emerges, bearing an octet of bottles, four clasped in each  hand by the necks. They're quickly placed on the shelves behind the  bar, shuffled into the correct places.Sascha nods, pursing her lips.  "I wish it was just a job to everyone."   Turning back to Bishop, she sighs, draining the last of the glass.   "Shall I settle my bill and let you get back to real work?"A look over his shoulder, and lips twitch to a smile. "Certainly."  Bishop turns to the scriber by the register, keys in an auth code  with a finger-dance that brushes over a few dozen keys with  practiced speed. "And there's no rush; I've been off for near an  hour anyhow. I wanted to stay and get things running smooth before  tomorrow." Tab is totalled, and a discreet gesture is made to the  screen; never /speak/ a tab. It's just not done.Sascha doesn't even glance at the total, just thumbs the scriber, and  stands, muzzy-headed, but steady.  "'Twas nice speaking with you.  I  hope you enjoy your job."  Tomorrow, she'll realize how much she  told him, and how much of his time she wasted.  Tomorrow, she'll  feel bad about it.  Tonight, all she longs for is a bed.Bishop nods. "Likewise; good luck with your friends." A smile, and he  turns back to his straightening. He will not feel bad about it, of  course; but then, it's his job. And so it goes.