Knight's PawnDim lighting and oaken ballisters transform this establishment into a  work of art.  Huge wooden bar rests against the wall, no steel or  aluminum visible any place within the bar.  Harkening back to a  bygone era, a dartboard and pool table rests near one e nd of the  huge room, a large open cabinet behind the bar full to the brim with  alcohols and other drinks.  Scattered here and there about the bar  are many wooden tables, their finish occasionally scratched and  marred by the occasional barfight, though suc h 'frolics' occur  rarely here.  All in all, it exudes a sense of Old English charm.SaschaMyriad masses of braids, some almost as thin as thread, others  finger-thick, grow Medusa-like from her head, framing high  cheekbones and long face as they wend their way towards her waist.   Bits of multicolored ribbon intertwine with silver beads, almost  obscuring the true color of her hair, a mouse brown.  Almond shaped  eyes flash obsidian fire, flickers of resolve and flashes of  strength.  Her form reinforces the message in her eyes, body lean,  muscular, and used to fighting.Silvery satin leaves arms bare, small black buttons marching gleefully  down her shirt.  Navy and slate pleated tartan swishes around her  knees, a strip of matching fabric capturing hair into a thick pony  tail, braids skittering merrily down her back. Cal f-high boots,  supple leather caressing her legs, complete the outfit with their  matte midnight gleam.CalebA moody-looking fellow with a faint, distant smile and a silky mat of  close-cropped black hair. His age is hard to pin down, somewhere  between twenty and thirty. A bit shorter than average, his lean fram  snaps with barely-restrained energy -- shifting eas ily from catlike  laziness to tension. He walks with a quiet step, taking in details  with a hint of wary curiousity. A bit of plastic and metal nestles  at the base of his skull -- a neural jack that marks him as a heavy  user of the net. Round glass lenses hang in front of his eyes, a  most striking characteristic. On close inspection, it's obvious that  they're fused righ t into his cheekbones, and glimpses of probing  ice-blue eyes can be caught through the smoky black lenses.A full-length leather overcoat is all you can see of his attire; it's  cinched closed at the waist. It hangs on his body, black like ink,  and disguising his build better than most clothing would. With a few  zippered pockets at the side, it likely contains various bits of  hardware he hasn't yet found a better place for. Clipped to his belt  is a yellow civilian ID; below it, a special data systems access tag  marks him as a man with some measure of influence in reals  technical.MasonA face that looks like it could have been modeled from an android's and  a physique of careful and disciplined neglect.  Mason is a  frighteningly pallid and gaunt figure who has a knack for unnerving  those around him. Whether it be with a chilling gaze or a harsh but  emotionless word.  Mason speaks with a cultured oxford accent,  although it's distant as an automated countdown.  He eyes everyone  he encounteres suspiciously, and preferes staring at people with his  solid cobalt cybernetic eye.  At times bits of data can be seen  zipping by the interior of the eye.  His honestly black hair is  sculpted into a rigorously maintained flat-top, and with the sharp  angles of his face, makes him look like he were etched in some  permanent stone rather than flesh.  His posture is almost always  rigid. The only exception occurs when he is jacked into various  systems through the DV12 datajack installed into his skull. Mason's  fingernails are usually painted a matte grey, an unusual detail that  rarely escapes notice.Mason is wearing his normal garb. A crisp white cotton shirt, which  hangs well off his is gaunt form. The shirt is adorned with a  slender blue tie, perfectly tied and arranged into front of him. The  shirt is tucked into creased and pressed slacks, nothing too formal,  though. Tough enough to withstand many years of use, but delicate  enough to appear stylish and powerful. His shoes are well-polished  patent leather loafers. Over all this he wears a long overcoat, a  dull beige. A yellow badge contrasts with t he ensemble, but is  unavoidable. He is also carrying a small valise with him.Mason sits peering through a few papers and jotting notes down on his  scriber.  A glass of dark stout sits on his table, apparently  untouched. He seems totally detatched from those around him, but  made a note of the individual with the implants and nods  appreciatively.Caleb strolls in, exuding practiced swagger. Nothing overt, just a  certain rolling gait and casual deference that reads, 'I'm nice  because I /want/ to be... not because I /have/ to be.' Whether it's  true or not remains to be seen; behind those smoky shade s, Caleb's  eyes are as unreadable as granite.Sascha slips in, quietly.  Too bad the short skirt and silver shirt  draws many appreciative male eyes, braids swinging freely to the  small of her back.  A pause at the door, obsidian eyes sweep the  room, lighting on one or two bodies with a half smile.  M aking her  way to the bar, her alto demands, "Vodka, straight.  A large glass,  please.""And how's my favorite jewel thief?" Caleb slips up behind Sasch,  squeezes a friendly arm at her waist, and orders a virgin mary. "Saw  you on the ten-fifteen with that Edwards guy. Nice sound bytes."  Looking over his shoulder, Caleb scans the room more fr om habit  than desire. Behind the shades, eyes scrutinize every face.Mason looks up at the odd fellow with the intriguing glasses.  A vanity,  and they can do so much better of late.  He shrugs and returns to  his scriber jotting notes down for his next article.  The sudden  conversation near him jars enough of his concentrat ion to make him  look over.Sascha rests a hip against the bar, taking a generous sip from her  glass. "Boring as all hell, and you know it.  I mean, what could I  tell him?  I'd happily hand over my left arm to get a hand on some  of those artifacts?  I seriously doubt Admiral Andrew s would  approve, if you know what I mean." The slight accent coloring her  tone when she speaks with Caleb drops off, eyes narrowed as they  alight on Mason.  "We're being watched, Caleb. C'mon."  Grabbing her  glass, she threads her way to Mason, standing in front of him with a  smirk."So I see. Ever subtle, dear." Caleb murmurs his reply to Sascha with a  hint of amusement, following behind as she cuts a path to Mason's  table. A moment of Mason-study brings... recognition? His brow rises  slightly, though eyes are still hidden.Mason arches a brow and turns the full glare of his icy cobalt gaze on  Sascha.  He speaks in a well formed Oxford accent.  "Can I help you  madam?"  He doesn't move a bit, not rigidly, but mechanically set in  his posture.Sascha tosses Caleb a grin, before folding arms over her chest and  studying Mason, not offering an answer quite yet.  A few moments,  lips spread in a predatory smile.  "You were staring.  It's not a  good idea to stare at me, sir.  I might take it the wron g way."   Pulling out a chair, she sits down at his table, watching him for a  few moments more before offering, "I'm Sascha.  You are?""Spey?" Caleb answers Sascha's question with a possible answer. He's  still standing, starting down at the man with a look of distant  asessment. Lenses are black as agate, and a curious twitch of his  lips is all that could pass for a smile.Mason arches a brow although the rest of his face stays blank.  He  watches Sascha sit, his expression neither making her welcome nor  shying her away. He moves the valise to accomodate her.  At the  mention of his name he looks at Caleb and squints.  "Yes, That's my  name.  Dr. Mason Spey.  Can I help you two?"  He looks between teh  two as he sets his scriber to the side.Sascha's smile widens a notch, twisting to offer Caleb a wink.  "Good  job, Reis."  Attention, ever fickle, slips back to Mason.  "I'm  simply curious about why you were paying so much attention to our  little conversation. And you looked interesting."  Sim ple answers,  from a complex woman.  "I can't answer for my friend, so I won't  attempt to.""Liked your piece on dynamic recal for bio interface structures." Caleb,  conspicuously, pulls out a chair and sits. "Hope that one sees  production, it'd be nice." His voice is low, tinged with a hint of  humor. He looks over to Sascha and arches a brow of his own. Slowly,  those lenses are fading do a dusky grey, brief glimpses of his eyes  possible. "Not familiar with our friendly neighborhood spiderman?  This is Mason Spey. Sascha, Doctor. Doctor, Sascha." he pantomimes  an introduction, then leans back to s ip at his drink.Mason blinks once, put quickly maintians a stiff upper lip and all that.  He nods politely.  "Thank you, sir. I was not aware you were  familair with my work.  Can I ask what interested you most about it?   I'm afraid they edited the majority of my notes ou t of the  article."  He looks over at Sascha with his solid cobalt-blue eye.   No Iris, no pupil.  All of it is a shiny cobalt.  An obvious  implant.Sascha arches a brow.  This is a new one.  "Caleb, you should know by  now that my interests lie more on the physical plane than the  virtual one. However, sir, if you've managed to get Reis's respect,  I suppose I should be at least civil.  So, you do some thing with  technology.  Probably not the same as our friend here.""Well, Cryweek sucks like that." Caleb offers the comment bluntly,  looking over the edge of his drink. "Anything that ticks off  Miatsu's as good as gonewhen the editor sees it." No answer to the  original question, though -- Caleb simply turns to regard Sa scha.  Interesting response, and it causes him a moment of silence.Mason thinks for a minute, trying to place the name.  "Caleb  Reis...we've met before haven't we?  At one of Dr. Archer's  lectures, correct?  Yes, I believe that is right."  He arches a brow  at Caleb's comment.  "Yes, they are rigidly dogmatic about their  pieces.  I feel like I have to hold myself back too often.  I doubt  I will be publishing there anymore.  They don't respect the  innovators of the field."  He looks over to Sascha, as if wondering  why she is still there.Sascha is wondering the same thing, but another sip of vodka is reason  enough.  Lounging back in her chair, dark eyes flicker between the  two men.  "If you'd rather me leave, I've a shipment coming in later  I could wait for."  The statement is directed mo re towards Caleb  than Mason.  One is important to her, the other is simply not."You'd be missing out if you did," Caleb says to her matter of factly.  To Mason, he offers an explaination. "Sascha. She's good people.  You're here about all this jazz?" He gestures to the station at  large with a sweeping wave of his wrist. "Then she's so meone you  want to know."Mason shrugs neutrally.  "I am here because it amused me to move to this  station.  I am remotely interested in the activities on Vulcan.  Otherwise, it is as good a place as any to practice and research."   Mason looks to Sascha.  "Actually, I do have a qu estion, Ms.  Sascha.  I was wondering about the presence of the PHS on the  station.  No one in security has given me a straight answer.  I have  had threats in the past." He blinks, left eyelid sticking a bit to  the lens of his implant.Sascha laughs delicately.  "Whoever thought that getting engaged would  expand my business horizions?  One 'Yes', and suddenly, I'm in on  half the station's secrets."  A guarded glance to Caleb as the PHS  is mentioned. "They've made a few threats, both ab out people on the  station, and the ruins on Vulcan.  Nothing big yet, but it's enough  to scare a lot of people.  Including some of the higher ups in the  military.  And myself."Well. He doesn't mince words, that much can be said of him. Sascha's  answer is weighed, and nodded to. "They've got a few people here. I  try to keep an eye on 'em though." We'll see how she takes that one.  Maybe she already knew?Mason rolls his eye.  A disappointed look seeps on his face at Sascha's  information, but dissolves as Caleb speaks.  Mason shifts hsi gaze  almost mechanically towards Caleb.  "Really?  I would be grateful if  you could send me what information you have Mr.  Reis.  They are a  constant wrench in my operations and research.  A nuisance I would  gladly see squashed." The statement is made without anger, without  emotion.  A simple statement."Always willing to help a fellow target," Caleb offers, raising a drink.  "I met the good doctor back at Loyola. Listening to some interesting  things before they tossed me out." He smiles rakishly. "Should've  enrolled, pro'lly."Sascha reaches over to gently pat Caleb's arm, smiling warmly.  "You  always keep an eye on everything, Reis.  For that reason alone, I  trust you."  A glance for Mason.  "Unfortunately, not everyone gets  that honor." Can you hear the snippy tone?Mason ignores Sascha's bitchiness, a wall of impermeable indifference to  her contempt slides between them. "Loyala was nice, but I couldn't  relax until we got back to Oxford.  Chicago was not my kind of city,  too...gritty.  Personally, I enjoyed our stop at MIT the most out of  all of them."  He sips at the mug and returns to his conversation  with Caleb. "What are your interests in cybertechnology, Mr. Reis?"   The term is slowly pronounced, for the layman."Occupational requirement." Caleb smiles politely, and shrugs. Not like  he married Chicago anyways. "I never made it to MIT. Wouldn't know."  A pointed shrug, and he sips further at his drink.Sascha watches him, eyes narrowing.  "Watch out, Mason.  I'm not the  person you want to piss off.  Not on this station, and not anywhere  else. If you feel the need to ignore me because I don't have twelve  different implants, so be it.  But at least be ci vil."Mason sighs.  "Please, Ms. Sascha.  I barely know you, and your threats  do not faze me in the slightest.  If I am curt, then I apologize."   The apology, as one might imagine, is not totally heartfelt.  He  blinks as a haze of white data flies across his le ft eye.  "Hmm,"  he says, raising a hand to his chin.  "Unfortunately I need to leave  this pleasant little conversation.  I have matters I should attend  to at this moment.  Excuse me."  He rises, picking up his valise and  slipping the scriber in.  "Mr Reis ." A nod.  "Ms. Sascha."  He  walks out the door, beige coat swaying behind him.Caleb arches a brow. "Later."Sascha narrows her eyes to slits, nearly growling.  "He's going to  regret that, if it's the last thing I do.  Mark my words."Mason has left."Yabu hebi ni naru." Caleb mutters the words quietly, holding the drink  to his lips. He's still watching the door, but the thought was  directed to Sascha. "I hang around the hitters from Novani too  much.""I should hang around them more."  Sascha's voice is a low growl, one  hand bringing the drink to her lips for another gulp.  "What does it  mean?  The Yabu thing?  And do you have any reason that I shouldn't  kill him?""Let sleeping dogs lie. Don't bother, Sasch, you wouldn't prove  anything." Impulsiveness, maybe. Caleb stares darkly at the door,  his own moo not much brighter as he tosses back a drink."I don't want to prove anything.  I want to kill him.  Or make him  realize that I am important.  Make me realize it."  Sascha leans  back in her chair, rubbing her eyes carefully.  "I hate people like  that, who take one look at me, and assume I don't know anything  about anything, and that I'm not worthy in their little world.  It  makes me angry."Caleb sighs. "You don't have anything to prove, and he wouldn't care if  you did. He's like that, I hear." An elloquent shrug, and a frown.Sascha turns pained eyes to him, asking a relatively simple question.  "Caleb, are you my friend?  Or my business associate?  Or both?  I  need to know this.""Take a wild guess," he replies testily. "I'm both, Sasch." Turning to  examine her, a hint of reluctant curiosity asserts itself. "Why?""Because, Mr. Reis, when you find out that a large and destructive group  that could not only kill me, but my fiance, and you, has people on  the station, you tell me.  Clear?"  Sascha's tone holds no warmth,  no flexibility.  This is an order."A million people, Sasch, it's not as if it should be a shock." Caleb  clatters the half-empty glass to the table's surface, sighing  heavily. "You gonna tell him?""No.  He doesn't tell me everything he knows because of his job, I don't  tell him.  I'm hurt, Caleb, that you don't feel the need to tell me  things, but hey.  I should be used to it, shouldn't I?  And  dismissed because I'm female, or because I'm not as sa vvy about  technology.  Hell, I'm shocked you even talk to me.  I won't make  you or your little friend Mason do it any more."  The muscles in her  jaw clench as she drains the rest of the vodka.  "Just go home, be a  good little housewife, and give the rest of it up.""He dismissed you because he's a prick, Sascha." Caleb pushes the glass  in a slow circle on the table's faux-wood surface, watchingthe beads  of water coalesce in its wake. "I didn't tell anybody because it's  safer that way. What do you want? Six guys bagg ed and ones I don't  know about coming instead?""I was asking around about Vulcan.  Trying to see if I could get down  there, scope around.  Two days letter, I received this."  Sasch  offers a scriber, hands shaking.  "I want to know who they are,  because it affects /me/.  I want jerks like Mason gone, a nd  everything to be nice and normal.  It isn't ever going to happen,  but it want it.""Get used to it. It'll happen, Sasch." Caleb turns, to stare back. "You  screw aroudn with things, somebody hates you. If that's news, then  you're in trouble." Caleb pushes the scriber back towards her,  unexamined. After a pause, eye to eye, he aquiesces q uietly. "I'll  send you the names.""I like to know who hates me.  Who to watch out for.  So do you, Caleb."  Sascha closes her eyes, sinking back in the chair.  "Thank you.""Shouldn't worry about it," Caleb offers with a wan smile. "They don't  really care till they start telling /him/ they'll kill you." Caleb  lifts the glass to finish off the drink, condensing droplets  platting on dry wood. "Trust me on that one."Sascha lowers her eyes, fingers brushing the rough surface of the table.  "That's what I'm trying to avoid.  He doesn't need that.  I don't  want him to know.  Childish, probably, but that's how I feel.""He shouldn't know. It's not like he's a target." Caleb shrugs. "They  different types."Sascha shrugs, pushing away her glass and shakily preparing to leave.  "It's nothing, then.  Chalk it down to the fact that I'm a woman.   Worry about everything.  That's probably where Mason's stick me.   I'm going home.""Sascha. Stop it for a minute. Sit down and finish your drink and just  sit down, okay?" Caleb sighs, staring into the watery dregs at the  bottom of his glass.Sascha hasn't moved yet, but obediantly reaches out for her glass,  taking another sip.  "What?"  Talk fast."Nobody likes it but you learn to live with it. You lean on people and  you adjust and you just get careful." Caleb looks over, studying  Sascha with something resembling understanding. Or compassion, at  the very least... "You roll with the punches.""I know.  But it doesn't make it any easier."  She offers a half-smile,  chewing on her lower lip.  "It's nothing, really, I guess.  People  like that just make me so angry that I take it out on others."   Sascha reaches out a hand.  "I'm sorry.""Been there, done that." Caleb offers no smile; it's a statement of  fact, sad and true. "Tell me if there's trouble, though?"Sascha nods slightly, standing up, one hand dropping to squeeze his  shoulder.  "I will.  I will.  See you around, Caleb." 