Sascha darts into the store, glancing behind her as she pushes her way  in. "Stupid people." is her soft curse, head shaken slightly to the  tune of rattling beads.  What became simply a method to get out of  some jerk's way becomes something more as she re alizes where she  is, obsidian eyes opened wide.  "Wow." is all she manages to say,  head twisted to see everything.Tari raises her head a bit at the voice, hand pausing in the movement of  slipping a book on the shelf. She completes the motion, then pushes  herself somewhat gracefully to her feet, turning to peer in the  general direction of the door with a bit of a smil e. "Can I help  you with anything?""No, I mean, I was just walking by, and there was some guy running, but  /wow/."  Sense hasn't returned to Sascha just yet, as she crouches  to look at a shelf more closely.  "These have got to be worth  /millions/.  How amazing.  I have books too, you see, but nothing  like /this/.  Amazing."Tari's smile seems to grow a little more noticible; Sascha likes books,  thusly Sascha is a person with sense. "It's a bookstore," she  offers, as if it were both one of the most ordinary things in the  world, and something highly precious. "We've been here a few years  or so.. and luckily, you aren't alone in your view." A wry grin is  given, then Tari tilts her head slightly to one side. "What sort of  books do you have?""Old ones."  Sascha takes a few steps in, eyes widening at a hardback.  "Hemingway.  Amazing.  Oh, what was I saying?  Old books.  Very old  ones. Mostly first editions.  But not as /many/."  It's returning  slowly, the normal Sascha.  "Oh, I'm Sascha Krys a, by the way."Tari nods, hands slipping into pockets. "Tari," she introduces herself  quietly, then smiles a little. "Well met, Sascha Krysa. Most of  these aren't first editions, I'll admit, though we have a good  number.." There's that pride again. She raises her head s lightly as  something bleeps from the area of the counter, but ignores it  otherwise."I could spend my entire life savings in here."  Awe infuses her tone,  before eyes narrow, sweeping over the woman.  "Tari, hrm?  Someone  mentioned you to me once, when I first got here.  Maybe Caleb, or  Percy. I'm uncertain.  But I can see why they said something.  You  work here, I assume?"Tari nods again, slightly this time, gaze doing a bit of absentminded  sweeping of its own, blue-grey eyes focused curiously. "Tari or  Neko?" she inquires, then grins briefly. "I do.. for several years  now. Shop attendant, stock keeper and shelver, on-shif t.. if you  need any help finding something.." she offers, tone slipping easily  in and out of oft-repeated things. Then she blinks. "Actually, I  think Neko met you once.. but that was a Wind-blessed age ago.""Small white cat?"  Sascha's voice is quiet, southern accent liberally  coloring her words.  She's too shocked to put up the usual defenses.  "Smart?  Friends with Reis and the rug-rat, right?"  The rug-rat is  obviously Percy, but the tone is one of teasin g caring, not insult.Tari seems entirely oblivious to defenses, up or down, interest darting  through blue-grey eyes apart from the contentment of the bookstore.  "The very same.." A grin at 'rug-rat'. "She says hello, by the way."Only her continued speech shows that Sascha is listening to the other  woman, her eyes devouring the titles of the books.  "I don't know  that much about them, really.  Percy has one, Sable, and Max has  Cobol.  Or the other way around.  I feed the in the mo rning when  the other two forget, but that's about it."  At Max's name, she  absentmindedly rubs the ring on her finger, smiling softly.  "I  should get him something."Tari nods a little, thumbs protruding briefly from pockets as the  bleeping starts from the counter, more insistantly this time. A  small, curious smile, "They talk to you though, don't they? You seem  like someone they would." The expression turns into a bi t of a  grin, "Excuse me for a moment?" There is a knowing look to Tari's  eyes, hardly withdrawn at all, that indicates she feels her absence  would be better then her presence. The call of the book and all."Talk, to me?"  Sascha's voice holds double measures of surprise.  "Oh,  no, not ever.  I mean, why would they?"  A book on military history,  World War II, is found, nabbed off the shelf and flipped through  with growing interest.  "Perhaps some sort of str ange wedding  present.  And something for her too."  It sounds like she's mostly  speaking to herself, but her voice is loud enough for Tari to hear.Tari shrugs slightly at that first comment, "Why not? Even considering  the mystery, you're a friend." And it's as simple as that. Smile  returns, in a portion just as small as seems to be usual. "There's  to be a wedding, then?" The bleeping comes from the counter again  and Tari winces, turning to walk quickly in that direction. Once the  counter is reached, she scoops a scriber off its top, then walks  back again, reading as she does."Oh, yes, I'm getting married."  Still distracted, Sascha manages a  half-smile.  "To Admiral Andrews."  The book is rested atop the  shelf, intended to be picked up again, before she queries, "A  friend?  Stranger and stranger.  I don't have many of them, m uch  less many of them I've never even spoken to."Tari quirks an eyebrow, then nods yet again as she looks up from the  scriber; this seems to be an oft-used motion. "Not their friend,  perhaps.. but a friend of their bond-mate's. And you don't seem the  type to be frightened by mental talking." A smile als o quirks as  she lowers the scriber, still holding it between her hands. "I  remember Percyfri--" a soft sigh, "Percy said that he was engaged,  but I didn't remember to whom.. my good wishes to the three of you.""Very little frightens me."  Sascha runs her finger down the spine of a  mystery novel, lips twitching into a half-grin.  "Percyfri--?  We've  been together a little over two years now.  The wedding should be in  a few months, hopefully.  Unless I kill a cat erer."  Is that a  joke?Tari frees a hand, brushing a strand or two of hair out of her face with  it, then moving it to settle the pencil more comfortably behind her  ear with the same motion. "That too.. Percyfriend. It's what Neko  calls her.." A somewhat rueful look tinges her s mile. "Still how I  think of her. Why would you need to kill a caterer?" A slight tilt  is given to her head."Tension release?  I'd recommend against getting married.  Or at least  having a wedding.  I'm sure the marriage part will be wonderful.   The planning, however, is a little stressful.  Plus working at the  same time, as little as I do that."  Sascha quirks a smile at the  name, eyes drifting above the book to meet Tari's.  "Percyfriend?   Interesting.  So, they give people nicknames?"Tari nods, slightly, her expression taking on a brief look of solemnity.  "Recommendation noted, and I'm sure I will have no trouble following  it.." She trails off and smiles a little, shaking her head. "I would  love to say that things will fall into place , somehow, but I only  work." Tari quietly skips from subject to subject, apparently having  no trouble sorting them apart. Scriber is held a little closer to  her, the look in blue-grey eyes briefly absent. "Neko does.. I  couldn't speak for all the cats. Sh e says that neither can she.""Just like no one can speak for all the people."  Sascha digests that  fact, adding it to the few things she knows about the bastets.  "How  long have you two been together?  You and Neko, that is?"  Smiling  slightly, she offers a final recommendation.  "Oh , definately fall  in love.  I've done it twice now, and it's amazing.  But elope.   Definately elope.""Oh.. Winds, years." Tari's voice seems a little quieter now, smile  shining through her eyes. "It almost feels like I came here with  her.. though I didn't, of course," she hastens to add. A soft  chuckle is given, "My parents are quite traditional at heart .. or  at least my mother is. If I ever did fall in love," if the moon  decided to make a crater in Terra, "I would /have/ to elope."Sascha notes the expression with something akin to envy, dropping her  eyes to the book in her hands.  "Must be wonderful to have someone  to love like that.  And someone to love you back."  Somewhere,  beneath the baubles and braids, tight clothes and shiny things lurks  the quiet researcher she once was.  Standing among shelves of books  seems to bring that out again, her smile slight and shy.  "Do you  two ever fight?"Tari nods a little.. happiness contained for the moment in blue-grey  eyes. Her voice just seems quiet now, face providing animation. "It  /is/ wonderful. But then, you'd know.." A bit of a smile, and a tilt  to her head. "Once or twice.. at least we've argu ed. Discussed."  There's some humor, flitting in and out of her voice. "But it's  /hard/ to argue with Neko. We're too close." Her gaze drops for a  moment, then returns to Sascha with a half-shrug."I don't think love between two people can even approximate that."  The  envy is a little more contained now, voice containing little  emotion. "I'm glad you have it, though."  And for once, Sascha is  serious.  "It sounds like something special.""It is.." is the quiet, /meant/ reply.. books and bond-mates; withdrawn  is out of style. Then Tari smiles a little, somewhat  self-consciously. "I think it can.. and thank you. Neko says that  she'd like to talk to you some time, if you'd like.." She raises her  head slightly, and an eyebrow is quirked. "I wonder whose sardines  she's eating."Sascha blinks, looking up from the book.  Lower lip is chewed before she  asks, quietly, "Why would she want to talk to me?"  Head tilts, a  rain of braids falling over her shoulder as she awaits an answer.Tari tilts her head as well, slightly, the motion somehow managing to  look like it was done of its own accord and not in copying. "Why  wouldn't she?" A small smile, "Neko likes to talk." Something darts  through blue-grey eyes too quickly to be seen-- no d oubt some sort  of comment from her bond-mate in response to that."A cat that likes to talk."  Sascha shakes her head slightly, trying to  hold back the smile that's threatening to surface.  "I don't know  exactly what I'd say to a cat that likes to talk, but I suppose I'm  willing to try.  I could always get lessons from Percy."The corners of Tari's mouth twitch, quite visibly. "I think Percy would  like that," she replies simply, cheerfully yes, but she actually  seems to mean it. Odd. "And she'd give good ones at that." The  scriber in her arms bleeps again; blue-grey gaze shifts briefly and  curiously down to it, then moves back up as it stops."Can they really both speak to all of them?  Percy and Caleb, that is?"  Sascha seems to have mostly abandoned her book to conversation, but  the earnest expression on her face shows that she appears to be  enjoying it. "Percy is a cute child.  I wish I kn ew her better, but  I haven't figured out what to be to her.  Caleb's her friend, Max is  her father, and I'm somewhere in between."Tari nods, a little more carefully this time, almost hesitant. But she  still hasn't re-withdrawn. "Percy can, I know.. as a matter of fact,  when she first arrived here, quite a few of the felines came to  visit. I haven't asked Caleb, though." The smile ha sn't quite  entirely left her face, though it does become a little more  noticible. She shifts her balance slightly, still holding the  scriber close. Looking a bit curious, "How do you think of her?"Sascha nods slightly, studying the woman absent-mindedly.  "An  interesting talent."  Head tilts, as she thinks upon the last  question, a slight smile coming to her lips.  "I think of her as  Percy.  She's not my daughter, if she were, I would have had to h ad  her at 15.  Max is, obviously, much older.  His son, the one I've  not met, is only six years younger than I. But, I care for Percy.  I  suppose that's enough, for now."Tari nods again, in agreement this time.. amazing, the different tones  that can be conveyed with the simple motion. "I think so." She  smiles a little, the hint of something unidentifyable briefly  touching the expression, then notes, "She reminds me of how Jeena  was at that age." A quiet sigh as something seems to occure to her,  rather despite herself. "I'm sorry, Sascha Krysa, but we just got a  new shipment in, and I need to organize it a bit before I go  offshift.. otherwise Jem'll never start." She grins briefly.Sascha nods.  "Of course.  I've monopolized your time quite enough.  But  I will be back, this time to buy.  And tell your friend Neko that  she's welcome to visit if she wishes."  Sascha takes one last look  at the books, a fond sigh for a familiar friend, then offers Tari a  smile.  "I should be going anyways."Tari shakes her head a bit, almost briskly. Not enough to disturb the  pencil behind her ear, though. "Monopolized? Not at all.. and Neko  heard you." She smiles in return, bringing a hand up to lightly  touch the side of her head with the tip of her index f inger.  Dropping the hand back down, she bows slightly to Sascha with her  head. "Have a good day.. alright? And if you feel like killing a  caterer, just make sure not to color the menus." Joke? From Tari?  Perhaps.Sascha laughs softly, brushing back a fall of braids before she ducks  out the door.  "Of course.  Of course.  Good bye, Tari."