Residents' LoungeA comfortable lounge for residents in this section of the station. A  small kitchen area is tucked into one corner, and a few couches and  soft chairs are scattered about the room. On one wall, a large video  panel awaits use.Commander MacEwenA stocky fellow whose unruly mop of flaming red hair has been cropped  into a standard military cut. Though he has none of his ancestral  Scottish brogue, the stereotypical impulsiveness and temper lurks  beneath the surface. There's a smile in his eyes and on his face as  he considers you.He's dressed in casual attire; a pair of denim jeans, and a Vikings  sweat shirt. A blue badge is clipped to his belt, denoting a  military job.MacEwen is 29 years, 10 months, and 19 days old.SaschaMyriad masses of braids, some almost as thin as thread, others  finger-thick, grow Medusa-like from her head, framing high  cheekbones and long face as they wend their way towards her waist.   Bits of multicolored ribbon intertwine with silver beads, almost  obscuring the true color of her hair, a mouse brown.  Almond shaped  eyes flash obsidian fire, flickers of resolve and flashes of  strength.  Her form reinforces the message in her eyes, body lean,  muscular, and used to fighting.Silvery satin leaves arms bare, small black buttons marching gleefully  down her shirt.  Navy and slate pleated tartan swishes around her  knees, a strip of matching fabric capturing hair into a thick pony  tail, braids skittering merrily down her back. Calf -high boots,  supple leather caressing her legs, complete the outfit with their  matte midnight gleam.Sascha is 24 years, 6 months, and 28 days old.Sascha slips silently in, making a bee-line for the coffee pot.  Mug is  poured, quiet demeanor ruined by a quick shake of her head, beads  rattling angrily as she begins to sip at the beverage.  Eyes rise  above the rim, scanning the room and its occupants studiously.MacEwen's attention seems focused on the rather large vidscreen on the  wall, he and a few other Fleet fellows taunting a lone Force pilot  regarding the status of the football game on the screen. Laughter  and the like, with Mac ducking to peer around Sasch a as she  interrupts his line of vision.Obsidian gaze narrows, focusing on the group of obvious military men.  With a sigh, Sascha finds a couch close enough for listening  distance, far away as to not disturb, and flops into it, cold  fingers clasped around the mug tightly."Ho! Check it /out/, Broc!" A Lietenant pops the top off another beer --  obviously off duty -- and slaps him on the back. Another Field goal,  or something like that. "Looks like we've got the sim room after  all. Mom, apple pie and the Vikings, I tell ya...""Don't count 'em before they hatch," MacEwen grins, sipping his own  bottle of some Earth brew. Obviously his smug wink to the pilot  belies his comment. But the XO can't look /too/ self-assured.Sascha manages a hesitant smile, gaze sharp with hidden defenses as she  watches the man called Broc for several long moments.  Another shake  of head and sip of coffee, beads' sounds silent in the noisy room.   A man makes his way past the men, and past Sas cha to the fridge,  pausing only to exchange a polite smile with the woman, a few  whispered phrases before continuing his stroll, "Thank you, Sascha."Yes! Yes! Interception! Seven more points. Laughter and swilling of  drinks follows, the Force pilot pulling in like a turtle to a shell.  So much for betting his hour of sim training time on the /Colts/...  MacEwen glances over briefly at the name 'Sascha,' catching a full  look at her. Blink. Good heavens. It's Max's bride to be. "Hey  there!" A bottle is raised in greeting, three fingers managing a  wave around its neck.Sascha glances up from her interlaced fingers, meeting Broc's eyes with  a polite (and forced) half-smile.  "Hello, Commander MacEwen."  Gaze  flickers to the screen, a slight shrug at the game before she  returns to contemplating her cup."Broc." A wan smile flcikers. Eh. Not a good start to things. Probably a  good idea to meet her, really -- clapping one of the ensigns on the  shoulder, he leaves a "be back in a sec..." with the crowd and  stands to join her, invited or not. "Good to finall y meet you,  sorry I haven't been around on the social scene much," he chuckles.Sascha glances up at the man, smile gaining a little sincerity.  "Broc,  then.  I'm Sascha."  A soft chuckle before she gestures to the seat  next to her.  "If you felt the need to leave your game for me, I'm  sure I could invite you to sit down."MacEwen's lips part in a laugh. "Vikings, Colts.  Not like there's much  question how it'll turn out," he winks. Bottle switches hands, and  he offers one to her, awiting to drop into the seat more from habit  than any conscious thought. "So, you're who Max' s been /smiling/  about, eh?""Smiling?  Come now, we both know that Max doesn't smile."  Sascha's  grin suddenly loses the forced quality, warming her face and eyes as  she extends her hand.  "But, yes, your boss has been associating  with me of late."Handshake given and received, he drops into the offered seat with a  chuckle. "Known Max since... Lord, what, must've been eight, nine  years ago. On the Excelsior. You have to watch for those subtle  litle smiles, they sneak up on you," he jokes.Sascha tilts her head, braids tumbling down bare arms.  "Aye, the little  ones.  More special, I'd say."  Eyes scan his face for a moment, a  slight nod.  "Nine years, eh?  A long time.  A very long time.""On and off," Broc clarifies."We didn't really serve together much til  the Excelsior. How long've you known him? What, eight, nine months  now?" Brows rise in question as he tips back the bottle for another  sip.Sascha offers a little smile.  "Aye, approximately.  Maybe a shade  less." Coffee mug is raised to her slightly smiling lips.  "Probably  not long enough for most people to approve."  Suddenly stiff  demeanor indicates that in her eyes, he lies in that group.Broc gives a slight shurg, and a shaded expression of distaste as he  tilts back the bottle for a final sip. Sigh. "If you'll pardon me,  ma'am, screw 'em." MacEwen shakes his head and clarifies; "If you  love him, and he loves you... then that's what's impo rtant. Doesn't  happen often enough to pass it up."Sascha's eyes light up, accent overtaking bland speech to morph her  words from banal to unique, "I'm sorry, sir, I didn't..."  A deep  breath, a sip of coffee to wet suddenly dry throat.  "Didn't think  you would approve. After all, it sounds like he is your fr iend,  and, what with him being so much older, and my record, and..."  She  shrugs, studying his face for a moment before looking back down.MacEwen shrugs, examining the bottle's glass rim studiously. "God knows  he took it hard--" A sudden glance up as the crowd grooooans and  boo's at the vidscreen. "What? They /scored/?" Mac is easily  distracted it seems, throwing a few choice invectives at the Colts'  linebacker. Interception. Bah! A few more moments of  replay-watching, and he turns back, suddenly sheepish. "Eh... Sorry.  Got a bet going on that..." Chuckle.Sascha's lips purse, trying vainly to hold back the laugh that escapes,  twinkling eyes watching the man then the others.  "A bet, eh?  That  is something I at least know a little about."  Smile fades as she  nods.  "He took it hard when his wife died.  I ca nnot be her, but  at least I'm something, eh?"MacEwen nods seriously, game forgotten -- well, pretty much. Eyes dart  back to the screen once in a while, but he manages to stay focused.  "Not a big secret. Between that and the sh--" Er. Lady in the house.  "..All the stuff in the fan over Lunaport... We ll, none of us were  having a great time of it but that was the last thing he needed."  Mac frowns, settling back into the couch and toying with the bottle  in one hand.Eyes twinkle at his choice of words, a slight mischevious smile.  "You  do not have to hold your tongue around me, sir.  I've said and heard  much much worse."  Sascha nods solemnly.  "I know.  But in my  experience, disasters seldom wait for the right time.  He helped me  through one.  If I can help remove that pain, well.  What else could  I do?"MacEwen mulls for a few long moments, then shrugs and allows an  out-of-place chuckle. "Can't say I'm a philosopher.""No, I can see that.  But a very kind man, and a very good officer."  Sascha offers a hesitant smile, thumb caressing the ring on her  finger absent-mindedly.  "People keep surprising me."MacEwen stares back curiously. Not much guile, eh? "How so? And thanks,"  he chuckles. "Like to think so but outside opinions are always  appreciated."Sascha smiles for a moment, true happiness shining in her eyes as she  admits, "It's going to take me more than eight months to get over my  distrust of the military.  I still expect everyone who wears a  uniform to be some evil fire-breathing monster.  When that  expectation isn't confirmed, I'm surprised.  And you are welcome."A raucous cheer sounds from the crowd. Vikings scooooore! Mac laughs,  looking over his shoulder. "Hey! Jones! Lady says you're a fire  breather! Lay off the beer!" Never miss a chance to poke fun at a  Force flyboy. Gaze remains on the screen for a moment l onger, then  returns to Sascha. "Well, we try, y'know, but we just can't pull it  off all the time." Chuckly.Sascha grins smugly.  "Of course.  I can be a fire-breathing monster  sometimes too.  Just takes special circumstances."  Eyes flicker to  the screen.  "I've never understood the appeal of that game."MacEwen makes a face. Bah. "Yeah, you and Max, yadda yadda... let me  guess, baseball?" Max smirks, standing to walk to the refridgerator  and proffer another bottle. It's Miller Time. Nothing like a day off  to ease the spirits, eh? "You people just don't g et it," he says  with mock seriousness.Sascha shakes her head slightly.  "I'm not much for professional sports.  Now, poker?  Absolutely.  But I try not to play too much.  It's  unfair to you military types."Brows rise, Mac standing behind the open door of the lo-stor. "Oh-/ho/.  I see. That a challenge? You should play Jacobs sometime. Or  Michaels over there.." A finger is waggled to a jug-eared  Lieutenant, JG watching the game. "They'll give you a run for yo ur  money."Sascha smiles slightly.  "I've already played Jacobs, and Major Bannik.  Won a few MU's from the latter."  Just a couple.  "I'm afraid I may  have scared away most of the men, unfortunately.  Do you play, sir?"If Bannik was scared away... God knows it must've been terrible indeed.  Mac appraises her cautiously. "Depends, now I'm not sure." Wink.  "We'll all have to get together for a friendly game sometime, Max  and I haven't had a chance to relax off duty for a w hile either."Sascha arches a brow and nods with a grin.  "I promise, I'll be nice.  Besides, I'm afraid Max wouldn't let me clean you out too badly.   But I would like that."  The cautious appraisal is noted, hands  spread.  "Truly, sir, I am no threat to you in any way .  Just  plain, simple, and exactly as I appear."  And if he believes /that/  one..."Should I breathe fire now?" Mac chuckles and shrugs. "Whatever. I'm  sure we'll all have a good time. I'm just glad Max... well, I'm glad  Max is happy, is all." A smile emerges, splitting his face into a  grin as he remembers -- at last -- to close the doo r. "Now, if only  someon--" A sudden beeping interrupts, drawing a frown. Sigh... his  commo.Sascha grins, uncurling herself from the chair.  "The last problem with  being involved with military men.  Always getting called away to  some emergency."  A soft smile.  "I'm glad he's happy too.  He  deserves it. And if you breathed fire, I'd know it wasn't real,  because you aren't like that.  Go do your work if you have to.  It  was truly a pleasure to meet you, Broc, and I hope your team wins."A smile and a nod, as Mac presses one hand to his ear to hear over the  cheering across the room. "Crippled? Great, yeah... I'll be over in  a few minutes..." More fun. one last wave to Sascha, as he calls  over to one of the ensigsns to accompany him. A sailor's work is  never done...