[Ed's note:  This is the first official 'we're open' Hope Station:  Awakenings RP.  Enjoy!  RP!  Have fun!]The AerobrakeFlashing apopleptic lights in an assortment of colors assail the senses  from first entrance through the door.  Music throbs and pulses,  the low bass rumbling deeply enough to be felt as a tangible  sensation on the skin mirroring the throbbing of blood thr ough  the veins, making just stepping through the door an overwhelmingly  visceral experience. To the left masses of bodies twist and contort  in various manners, moving to the inner rhythm of the stirring  music, glistening skin and sticking clothing visible with the  flashing of the strobe.  To the right, a bar, the music still  too loud for easy conversation, the rumbling low tones showing  up as ripples in glasses of the many specialty drinks prepared  by expert bartenders. People are attempting conversation anyway,  shouting at each other through five inch distances, bodies still  moving to the compulsively heavy beat, but only slightly, showing up  as the tapping of a foot or rhythmic nodding of the head.  Beside  the bar is a door, wholly unremarkable and sha ded from the casual  glance, leading into the backroom maze of storage and offices.   Smoke machines work to obscure most of the rest of the room, though  there is much behind that hazy screen, much indeed.Caleb is here. Obvious exits: Veer SquarePercyCrooked smile splashes across tanned face, pale skin dyed by artifical  sun to a warm earthy brown.  Pale green eyes, set off by dark brows,  hold an eternal flicker of childish joy.  Jet black hair, her  only vanity, spills past her waist, often swept up an d tamed  into some airy, and supposedly fashionable style.She is awake and looks alert.CalebA moody-looking fellow with a faint, distant smile and a silky mat of  close-cropped black hair. His age is hard to pin down, somewhere  between twenty and thirty. A bit shorter than average, his lean  fram snaps with barely-restrained energy -- shifting eas ily  from catlike laziness to tension. He walks with a quiet step, taking  in details with a hint of wary curiousity. A bit of plastic and  metal nestles at the base of his skull -- a neural jack that  marks him as a heavy user of the net. Round glass lenses hang in  front of his eyes, a most striking characteristic. On close  inspection, it's obvious that they're fused righ t into his  cheekbones, and glimpses of probing ice-blue eyes can be caught  through the smoky black lenses.A full-length leather overcoat is all you can see of his attire; it's  cinched closed at the waist. It hangs on his body, black like  ink, and disguising his build better than most clothing would.  With a few zippered pockets at the side, it likely contains various  bits of hardware he hasn't yet found a better place for. Clipped  to his belt is a yellow civilian ID; below it, a special data  systems access tag marks him as a man with some measure of influence  in reals technical.He is awake and looks alert.Loud Music. A Good drink. Caleb. Yep, things are looking pretty good for  the trench-coated crusader. He sits at a table, chair tipped  back comfortably, and chats it up with a buisiness-suited fellow  who's had a few too many martinis. "No. Flat out, plain and simple.  There's no way you'll be able to get through with the kind of system  they've got set up," Caleb says, tilting back his drink.Percy trip-stumbles through the door, grinning happily up at the bouncer  who crouches down to look her in the eyes.  "And how old are you  little lady?"  The child declares happily, "Nine!  An' I see Caleb,  can I go in, please?"  The man nods, ruffling her hair as she bounds  consultant wards, pausing to shift from foot to foot next to the  table, fleet-uniformed body fidgety as she stares at the suit.   "Who're you?""Business associate, Miss Andrews." Caleb smiles down to Percy, reaching  over with his free hand to offer a handshake. "How might you be  doing on this fine evening?" He glances over to the businessman,  who was, it seems, preparing to leave. This is simply an official  close to the conversation, Caleb's nod the final signal.Percy goes one step farther, giving him a quick hug before scrambling up  to a chair, turning to watch the gyrating bodies.  "Sounds  /booooooooring/.  I'm fine.  Dad's off doing something with /her/,  so I figgered I'd come find you.""S'only boring from your perspective, Andrews. Some people like it. The  give and take of business.. you know?" Caleb winks as words flow  easily, speaking as he would to any other friend. "Just hanging  around?"A soft complaint comes from the floor, a lashing tail in danger of being  trod upon.  Percy reaches down and scoops up the bastet, draping  him over her shoulders.  "There, Sable, now you're okay, 'kay?   Do you like it, Caleb?  And, yeah, just hanging aroun d.  No school  tomorrow.  It's a weekend.""I like it. Sometimes it can get old, though." Caleb stretches  languidly, like some black-coated hound, a smile straining against a  yawn as he stares at the ceiling. "So, what'd you learn lately?"Percy wrinkles her nose, arms folded huffily across her chest.  "Nothing  at /all/.  School is /boring/.  All the kids are stupid, and the  teachers are too, and I don't like it at /all/, but Dad says I  have to go. Couldn't you be my teacher instead?"Caleb shakes his head. "I don't know all the stuff you need to learn."  Sound like a famliar conversation? It should. "Lots of things  you learn in school, more than what goes up here," he offers,  tapping his temple with his index finger. "What're they talk ing  about?"Percy grumbles.  "Nothing important.  History, and math, and English.  I  mean, I already know how to talk and add and write, and history  isn't important unless you're /in/ it."Bzzzzzt. Weee're sorry, but thanks for playing! Caleb's smile grows.  "You'll be history sometime, you know that?"Percy wrinkles her nose, peering up at him with guileless green eyes.  "Why?  I don't wanna be history.  I just wanna be a con-sul-ta-nt  like /you/.  And we'll always be friends, right?""One hundred percent, kiddo." Caleb looks over his shoulder as a second  drink arrives -- a virgin mary. Guess who that one's for? "But a  consultant needs to know a lot about history. You know why?"  Caleb pushes the drink towards her, and smiles, eyes almo st-visible  behind smoky lenses.Percy takes the drink with a bright grin, smile made more precious by  the few tooth-less gaps.  "No, why?  You'll tell me, right?"   She slurps the drink, beaming around.  Look.  She's in a club  and she's /drinking/.  Just don't tell anyone there's no alco hol in  it.He won't. Shhh! "Have to guess first." Caleb winks; with the glasses  dark, the gesture is only visible as a rippling of his features.  "Think about it hard... it's a puzzle." He sips at his own drink  -- another virgin mary, and watches her with a smile.Percy wrinkles her forehead, idly chewing on her lip.  "Maybe 'cause  history's like a pattern?  My teacher says that if you don't  know history, you're doomed to repeat it.  Is that it?""You, my dear Miss Andrews, are exactly right." Caleb's smile widens,  and he clinks the glass down -- leans forward to chuck Percy on  the shoulder. "You can learn from things people did... things  that happened. Just like you learn from things that happen to  /you/." Leaning back into his own chair, he arches a brow, and  the shades fade to reveal ice-blues.Percy scrambles to stand on her chair, leaning over to kiss Caleb on the  cheek.  "I love you, Caleb.  You make me feel smart.  Not like  school." With a grin, she flops back down, taking another gulp  of her drink and wiping her lips with the back of her h and.   "So, like, I should study history, so I can see the patterns  too?""Bingo. You can see the patterns... and then it's fun, like a game."  Caleb's expression warms, just a touch, at Percy's gesture.  "Everything's like that, when you think hard enough." He pauses,  falling into silence for a few moments as his drink is nursed.Percy will go for the patterns, sure.  And the fact that she might need  to learn history.  But a game?  This is too much.  "How's it like a  game? I'm still not sure that it'll be fun, but I'll try it, 'cause  you're my friend, right?"You must use your powers for good, and not for evil... Caleb nods  seriously. "You know it, right?" He pushes the between them, and  leans his elbows on the table in a conspiratorial pose. "Okay,  kiddo. See this glass?"Percy leans down, peering at it with wide eyes, a few curious blinks  before she turns her attention to Caleb.  "Yeah?""You ever played guessing games? Buttons in a jar, things like that?"  Caleb doesn't smile -- or, at least, does his best to keep it  from showing.Percy nods solemnly.  "Yeah, like where you guess how many there are,  and stuff?  I've done that, sure.  We once had to guess how many  pieces of candy were in this jar, and whoever got closest got to  have the entire jar.  I didn't win, though.""Don't sweat it." Caleb winks. "You'll get this one, it'll just take a  little work." He reaches over, rotates thae glass carefully, as  if to reveal some detail that was obscured on the other side.  "What you have to figure out... is how much water can fit in it." He  looks over, back to Percy. "Think you can do that?"  It's not  history... but it's a start.Percy wrinkles her brow.  "All you have to do is fill it up, and then  measure the water.  Right?"  There's got to be more to this than  that.Caleb shakes his head. "Can't do that." He leans back, folding his arms  and staring back at her, his gaze a challenge. "You have to find  another way."Percy blinks, leaning down to peer at the glass, reaching out a curious  hand to poke it.  "Can I measure it and then figure it out like  that?""Water can't touch the glass until you figure it out, and you have to  figure out how much water'll fit in it... by weight." Caleb smiles.  "Those're the only rules. Think you're up to it?"Percy chews on her lip, poking the glass again.  "How long do I got?"   No, Caleb, you're making math /fun/!  Don't tell anyone."Well..." Caleb is smug. No, he's /more/ than smug. He's proud, of Percy  and himself. Someone stop him, or he'll find a pipe and some  slippers. "You think you can do it in a week? Or do you need  two?"Percy chews on her lip, staring at the glass before answering  confidently. "I'll tell you tomorrow."  The pride isn't noticed  as she turns eyes up to him, confidence and a strange plea for  attention warring for space. "Okay?""Need some time to decide?" Caleb nods. "Never hurts," he comments,  reaching over to lift the glass -- and drain the last of his  drink from it.Percy shakes her head.  "No, I'll tell you tomorrow."  Stubbornly firm.  If she has to stay up all night, she's not going to disappoint  her friend. "It's not like I have anything else to do.  Dad's  off being mushy."Caleb's brows rise. "Oh-ho... I see," he chuckles. "Then I look forward  to hearing from you, Miss Andrews." The glass is gently, noislessly,  placed on the the table. "You'd better get going -- 'the game is  afoot.'"Percy nabs the glass, Sable already leaping out of her lap as she darts  for the door, pausing half way, then racing back to throw her  arms around the man's neck, giving him a damp kiss on the cheek.  "Thanks, Caleb."