Zero-G Pub (#1189J)The artifical lights that line this packed bar's ceiling shine down on a  mix of chrome, steel and plastic. An odd decor, but one that fits  the establishment. The quiet roar of the crowd drowns out the usual  dull throb of machinery; it's almost enough to make you forget  you're on the station. The latest sports broadcasts loops in the far  corner of the bar on a giant video panel as the Bartender, Earl,  mixes up the best drinks this side of the belt. A whiff of smoke  drifts by from the back booth, where the grizzled miners sit. No  matter where you look, there are people playing poker, having a few  drinks or just looking for a good time.Caleb notices Bannik's oft-demonstrated War Wound as well. A hint of  arched brow follows. Perhaps now would be the time to slip into the  conversation. Pushes away from the bar and meanders over. "Tass.  Tyr."Ripley hangs back for a second, eyeing the offered seat.  "Allright..."   Another voice calls attention, and eyes alight on a new introduction  to conversation.  "Caleb."Bannik looks over at the voice that said /his/ name, then grins, waving,  "'Ey, there, Caleb... how are ya? Just telling Ripley here about my  escapades." With that said, he turns to Ripley, and grins widely,  "So, I heard the call to scramble..." And, for the next hour, Ripley  hears, play by play, a battle that only lasted thirty minutes. Hrm.  Now here's someone who can make a short story long.Caleb acknowledges Bannik's comment with a nod; and considers, for a  moment, staying. Behind lenses, eyes study Ripley unseen, attempting  to divine moods and vibes. "Just on my way out," he offers with a  half-smile."Leaving?"  An echo of the obvious...but do those hidden eyes see the  darkening of the sea?  Ripley blinks back for a second, and then  nods.  If he's not feeling sociable, who's going to force him to it?   "I'll see you, then."  A statement of fact -- and Ripley turns back  to Bannik, half-listening but still very conscious of Caleb.Bannik finishes with his narrative, more than several minutes later, and  grins at Ripley, "Well?"Ripley smiles wanly, humoring her major dear.  "Quite a story...that  was...brave of you."Not anti-social, Caleb.. just.. didn't mean to get into an evening of  rowdiness in the bar. "Catch you later, Tass?" He heads door-wards.  Wanting to leave... but tethered invisibly until there's some  answer.Y3 -- Main RoomThis main room is sparse and modern; a minimalist black-and-grey decor  whose trendiness belies its simplicity. The favorite choice of those  who have neither the time nor the inclination to enter the maze-like  world of color selection and decor management.Crushed grey carpet covers the floor, not as thick as shag but enough to  sink one's feet into. Bisecting the room is a black leather couch,  facing the far wall. In front of it lies a dark marble coffee table,  a midnight slate suspended by unseen legs. It's kept clear, it  seems, from any clutter save the occasional scriber. Striking is the  lack of any videoscreen; on the wall the couch faces, a framed  etching is centered, instead. Tucked out of the way to the side lie  an economy kitchen, and the entrance to Caleb's bedroom.The other three walls are lined with book-packed shelves. The titles  present include quite a few philosophy texts, the odd poetry  anthology, history, technical reference manuals, literary classics,  religious documents, volumes on cryptography, mathematics, and data  security systems... the list goes on and on. A well-read individual  lives here, to be sure; or at least one whose library is worthy of  note.CalebYou see a moody-looking fellow with a light-built frame, close-cropped  black hair, and a faint, distant smile. His age is hard to pin down  from where you stand, somwhere between twenty and thirty, you'd  guess. With a start, you notice a bit of plastic and metal at the  base of his skull -- an RS9k data jack. The man is obviously a heavy  user of the net. Round glass lenses hang in front of his eyes --  shades fused right into his cheekbones. It's impossible to tell  where he's looking through the dark lenses; it's quite likely he's  studying you.Baggy sweatpants cinched at the waist, a sloppy T-shirt, and wet,  half-combed hair. These are Caleb's attire. Bare feet pad on the  floor and an ID badge is nowhere to be found. He looks quite  comfortable, though. 'Out of uniform,' so to speak.Caleb is 28 years old.At the door, a gentle rap, then another, a husky alto raised in query.   "Reis?  You there?"Caleb has his back to the door; he's holed up in the economy kitchen,  fussing with something. Glances over his shoulder at the sound.  "'llo?'Sascha's smile is calculating as she stares at her half of the door.   "Are you planning on letting me in, or should we keep yelling at  each other through the door?""Open." Caleb's voice commands, and the door obeys. Nifty! The door  trick is dirt simple, but always a nice effect.SaschaMyriad masses of braids, some almost as thin as thread, others  finger-thick, grow Medusa-like from her head, framing high  cheekbones and long face as they wend their way towards her waist.   Bits of multicolored ribbon intertwine with silver beads, almost  obscuring the true color of her hair, a mouse brown.  Almond shaped  eyes flash obsidian fire, flickers of resolve and flashes of  strength.  Her form reinforces the message in her eyes, body lean,  muscular, and used to fighting.Red satin, fabric's shade morphing with the light level, crimson,  magenta, and cranberry all taking their turn in the light.  Long  sleeves clasp snugly at wrists, two buttons open at her neck to  reveal the beginnings of cleavage and alabaster skin.  Black denim  molds to her form, emphasizing curves as it slips towards her high  leather boots, deepest midnight.Sascha is 23 years, 8 months, and 18 days old.Sascha saunters through the door, head tilted as she spots his attire.   "Am I disturbing you?  No anklebiters around?"  Her smile is almost  sincere.  "I'd never have guessed that you'd interact with  children."Caleb arches a brow, turning from the kitchen. Domestic-type? God  forbid... "She's not an /ankle-biter/." A hint of venom is in his  tone -- only a bit, though. "She just lost her mother on Liberty."  That says it all, doesn't it?A soft rapping sounds on the door, quick and hollow.  "Caleb?" a voice  questions -- alto, and full of mixed emotions obvious even through  the barrier of cold metal.Sascha spreads her hands, a slight shrug.  "Up to you who you associate  with.  She's not too bad of a kid."  A sidelong glance to the door,  a step out of the way.  "Quite the popular one, aren't you?"Caleb glances to the door. A hint of something odd on his face; fear?  No. Perhaps momentary panic... But only a hint. "Tass?""Yeah, I'm fine--" pause, as Caleb thinks for a moment. Still in the  mini-kitchen. "Come on in." And at that, the door slides open.The door slides open and Ripley walks in.Said stranger lounges against the wall, eyes flicking from Caleb to the  door and back, a curious gleam starting and spreading across her  face.  Sascha, leaning against the wall next to the door, is  unseeable by the enter-ee, unless she'd look sideways.Caleb is camped out in the economy kitchen; tinkering with something or  other. Food, most likely. "Tass-- Ah... Sascha." Not one for  introductions, he. A nod of the head to the woman 'side the door.RipleyThick wirey hair is pulled up and away from her face, a few wisps of  coppery curls escaping the rest and lending her face a softness it  otherwise would not possess.  A strong square jaw is firmly set,  reflecting her strength of character.  Clear blue-green eyes set  above a small, roundish nose shine out with awareness and obvious  intelligence, taking in every detail of the scene before her.  A  striking young woman, she keeps herself in shape, her lithe body  flexible and strong.  When she moves, it is with grace...and a  certain seductive quality.  Life taught her to use all available  resources to her advantage, which is exactly what she does.  Her  voice is filled with latent sexuality, but usually accompanied by a  certain amount of humor, so one never knows just how serious she  really is.Rough yarn of motley ivory and cream is woven in cable-knit style to  create a heavy sweater, reminiscent of fishermen of yore and storms  at sea. Its heavy weight is carried with casual grace by Ripley's  form, no jewelry accompanies such a rough-looking outfit, completed  in comfort by well-worn jeans, faded to ice and seams frayed to a  comfortable blur. Loose and warm, the briney air of the sea lapping  against an emerald shore can almost be conjured up by these visual  sensations, pleasantly gruff and comforting.A small yellow tag peaks out from beneath her shirt where it is attached  to her belt, marking her as a civilian.Ripley is 23 years, 7 months, and 4 days old.Ripley slips in through the door, gaze glancing off of nearly every wall  before settling on Caleb.  "I don't think I've been in here  before...nice."  Small talk first, it's so much easier.  At Caleb's  introduction of sorts, she turns to assess the other woman.  "The  Sascha I've heard so much about, hm?" she replies, drolly --  addressing Caleb, but keeping her gaze on Sascha.Sascha stretches languidly, hands over her head, then nods, taking a  step towards Ripley.  Alto lengthens into a half-drawl, Southern  delicately painting her tone.  "G'day, Tass."  A slight smile twists  into something more sinister.  "I've heard a bit about you too.""That it is." Be afraid? Caleb's not sure. Either they'll hit it off, he  thinks, or there will be blood on the walls."Have you now?"  Ripley's tone sweetens with each word, a hand extending  congenially.  "Ripley," she remarks pointedly, her smile never  wavering from its business air of politeness.  "Now we're properly  introduced."  Tass is not a name to be used lightly.Sascha accepts the hand, grip firm and nods.  "Ripley."  Another step  from the shadows, a sweet smile to Caleb.  "'Tis nice to meet you."   Her face is guarded, practical, polite."Likewise, I'm sure."  Though a tiny flicker in that otherwise  controlled alto seems to speak otherwise.  A moment passes, and the  mock-sweetness of her expression shifts to a mild feigned horror.   "I'm interrupting something, aren't I?  I'd better go...really,  quite glad I met you.  Sascha."  Another smile is flashed, so  perfect an imitation it's hard to tell it isn't real.  Perhaps it's  the eyes that give it away:  a flat slate.  But who would really  take notice?Caleb regards the exchange cautiously. Ponder. "Anyone.. hungry?" odd  request, but a gesture is made towards the kitchen. "Sushi nori." He  runs a hand through wet hair; just out of the shower, it seems.  Diffusion. Yes, that would be good...Sascha's full lips purse, then stretch into a smile.  "You aren't  interrupting at all.  I was just stopping by to check on Reis."  Her  new pet project, it seems.  "Hungry?  I could be."  Shoulders are  pushed back and straightened, a firm glance to Ripley.  "We should  talk business sometime.  I've some things that might interest you."Caleb's offer was extended to Tass as well. "You weren't. Just was  fixing something," he says. Perhaps now might be a good time to  discuss business..."So I've heard," Ripley replies, sotto.  "Interest indeed."  She stands  in limbo by the door, undecided as to her course of action...but  that ends rather quickly.  "All right, I could use a bite to eat.   And if I'm not interrupting..."  She leaves the sentence hanging in  the air as she regains mobility and moves to join Caleb, a pointed  glance thrown over her shoulder at Sascha.  The business Ripley is  back.Sascha saunters across the room to join the other two, a flip of her  hair over her shoulder sending silvered beads a clatter.   "Professional," and she stresses the first word, "interest is always  welcome."Professional is certainly not the word Ripley would use to describe  Sascha, with all her various noisy and colorful accoutrements.  "Of  course," she replies, eyes cold in a way that makes it clear she has  no interest in this woman /beyond/ professional.  Feeling the mood  growing too heavy, she nods to Caleb.  "What were you planning on  making?"Knife is found; and Caleb begins to attack a set of dutifully prepared  rolls. A look over the shoulder to catch the two in one glance.  "Sushi nori. Half-done already.." A gesture to the rolls-- rice and  meat of some kind, wrapped in a papery layer of something."Sasch. You said you were looking for someone to tap into with art?"  Blunt, Caleb. "Meet her.Masks can be of any type, subtle and sedate, or loud and flashy.  Both  are easy to hide behind....  With another clatter, Sascha nods.   "Sounds good.  I've not had Sushi in a long time."  An eyebrow is  quirked as she angles towards Ripley.  "Met.  I've a small stash  that I brought with me, a little bit of everything.  And I'm always  ready to find more."  Find, not buy necessarily.Ah yes...art.  "I do need a new art contact..."  Ripley pats herself on  the back inwardly for not tripping over those words, so close to  memories like wounds.  "I dabble a bit in that area.  Not one of my  larger profit margins, but lucrative all the same.  Finding is  precisely what I need...buyers I can get."  A hand reaches out to  examine a roll by fingertip, focal point for the time being.Sascha purses her lips, and nods.  "What are you looking for?  There's  very little that I cannot find, given enough time."It's coming back for Caleb, now. Easy as that smooth-cutting motion of  the knife, the dodge and feint of 'Business.' A mask in and of  itself. He tosses a look at Ripley; a private one, at her mention of  /new contacts/. A hint of concern is betrayed, but it passes.Ripley smiles thinly, "Nothing at the moment.  I gather up contacts for  future reference...you never know when you might need an archaic bit  of /some/thing."  Caleb's look is missed, her focus so intent upon  the roll.  "I haven't had much business in that area, lately.  For  some odd reason people are more interested in the truly illegal by  way of self-protection than the finer things in life."A pale hand shoves an errant braid behind her ear, a slight smile to  Caleb.  "How is the food coming?"  Sascha shifts her weight from one  foot to the other, offering Ripley a smile too.  "Society never  loses a taste for the finer things.  I've many archaic bits of  things around."Food sliced. And offered. Caleb extends a plate piled with the things,  and an affirmative grunt. Busy concentrating on preparation; he  wasnt' quite expecting guests, but he'll make do. "Soy sauce is in  the fridge. Just a sec."Ripley nods, an approving gleam to those sea-tossed eyes.  "If I hear of  anything...I'll be in touch."  Perhaps this Sascha isn't so bad  after all.  The roll is discarded for a smaller, sliced piece,  placed carefully on the middle of her tongue and chewed  thoughtfully.  "This isn't half bad, Caleb...even without soy  sauce."  Chef Caleb, who would've thought?Sascha quirks a brow, and nods, reaching out to nab a piece for herself.   A few nibbles, then a swallow.  "Not bad.  At all."  A sweet smile  to Ripley.  "I'll be around, then.  Feel free to get in touch  whenever you'd like."Chef Caleb made them in 15 minutes. About as hard as finding reverse on  a stick shift, really. "Thanks," he chuckles. To both of them. This  isn't going badly, all things considered... He slides to a seat next  to the coffee table and snags one of the bits. Offers a bowl of soy  sauce for dipping. "I miss anything?"Ripley lifts one shoulder in a shrug, "Another business arangement  born."  A wink and a genuine smile go to Sascha...she's feeling more  at ease, now.  A few more slices are taken, and she too sits down,  kitty-corner to the Chef of the day.Sascha winks back at Ripley, slipping quickly to the couch, an odd  triangle of sorts created.  "Business.  You didn't miss much, unless  you're in the market for some art."  Her gaze sweeps the shelves.   "Perhaps books?  I've some of them."  Slice is dipped then devoured."Always interested, depending on the book." A glances over to Ripley  attempts to read vibes. What's she projecting? Caleb wan-- No, Caleb  needs to know. "Hear there's another party on the station in the  market for just that."Sascha tilts her head slightly.  "Oh?  If Ripley doesn't mind, I'd be  happy to show you my collection.  I've a bit of everything,  twenty-first century literature, philosophy."Piquing Ripley's interest again?  "Another party just for that?"  She  tugs at the heavy sweater thoughtfully -- perhaps they'd be able to  find a beautifully bound book of Moby Dick...  "Why would I mind?"  she inquires, blinking at Sascha.  They're just books, after all.Pehaps Caleb should mention this other party? To one of them? To both?  Neither, perhaps. A slow dip soaks a section of the sushi in sauce  before it's lifted to his lips. Behind dark lenses, he tries to  study them both, gauging reactions.Sascha smiles at Ripley, ducking her head slightly.  "Wouldn't want to  nose in on terratory.  Some people are very...odd about those  things."  Another head tilt, another bite of sushi.  "Would this  party be the cat's owner?  The white one that talks?"  Neko is who  she's shooting for.  "Anything special either of you interested in?   I mean, in the genre of books."Ripley waits, patient as ever for Caleb's response.  In the meantime,  however, she'll address Sascha.  "I don't have a contact for  literature...as yet."  Again that pointed glance towards Caleb.   "Bastet?" she offers.  Can't stand to hear them called 'cats'.   They're far more than that, really...Arun is a prime example."Not that I'm aware of..." Caleb pauses for a moment, considering that.  He should ask Neko... "The owner. He's put out feelers on a few  first-runs. Not to me, but I heard about it." Lips part to accept  the bite.Sascha nods, bite half-raised to her lips as she pauses to contemplate.   "I've a few hundred books, all in mint condition.  Printed from the  early nineteenth-century until almost recently?"Hullo? That's very nice, Caleb thinks. A look is fired at Ripley; lenses  even fade for a moment. He doesn't want to miss -- or be missed. A  single arched brow hints at a question. You want dibs on those?Ripley considers this for a moment, pondering books along with the  residual taste of the sushi nori.  "I have most of the actual  /books/ I want.  But...for a nicely bound copy, something that's as  much visual art as literature, I would be interested."  Very  interested, but she can't lead a contact to believe /that/, now can  she?  Caleb's look is duly noted...particularly the hazing of  lenses.  "Nineteenth-century writing is a particular of mine."  It  can't hurt to drop a few hints on what she likes best, can it?Sascha chuckles dryly.  "I've, say, a hundred bound nineteenth-century  works."  She ticks titles off on her fingers.  "Doyle, some reprints  of Shakespeare with some lovely art, Melville, Dickens."  A slight  smile.  "Others, too."Catalyst. An enzyme that sparks a process without being consumed by it.  That's what Caleb is; feels as if he's touched the fuse and is  watching it burn. Hopefully he hasn't just eliminated the need for  his services... A quiet bite is taken. More listening.Ripley has an art contact now...that doesn't mean she won't be needing  information of other kinds.  On the contrary, that is her largest  area of dealing...espionage, in a way.  Raw information.   "Melville..." she murmers, almost dreamily.  A penchant for Moby  Dick -- hence the favorite sweater.   "I might have to look into  that, yes.   Anything interest you, Caleb?"Sascha catches the dreamy smile with a quick eye, noting it away in the  coffers of her brain.  "Any time, Ripley.  I'll even set a fair  price."  A slight chuckle.  Profit margin on stolen goods is 100%.   "Aye, Caleb, anything you'd like?  I take requests."Caleb shrugs, rolling a shoulder under t-shirt. Hair is dry now, the  half-spiky look of uncombed tufts from the shower. "Philosophy. Any  Schaeffer? Obscure stuff, usually." another thought stretches out.  "Sun Tzu, or CS Lewis." The names are placed into open air like cash  on a table. his tone implies certainty; find them, and he'll pay.Ripley nods, recognizing a few of the names Caleb listed off.  But not  many -- she wasn't ever into obscure philosophy.  "Doesn't sound  like too hard of an order."  For a professional.Sascha nods, eyes distant as she runs through her list.  "I've several  works by Lewis and Tzu, and the ability to get Schaeffer without  much of a problem.  Any others?"  The Customer is always right, eh?Caleb another shrug, and another bite. That's all for Caleb, it seems.Ripley lets her gaze flicker between the two for a moment, finishing up  a bite.  "I did walk in on something, didn't I?  Not a business  call, but..."  Her voice trails off slightly, a reluctance to put  into words her thoughts.  "I'm sorry."Sascha flicks a glance to Caleb, then shakes her head.  "Nothing,  honestly.  I've no personal ties to Caleb."  She trails off  slightly, glancing at Reis.  Yet.Caleb's eyebrows meet his hairline. No joke. bite is quickly swallowed.  "No--" A frown. "No... just stopped in. Right?" A glance is tossed  to Sascha. That /is/ the truth? Isn't it? He hopes so...Ripley considers this for a moment, still looking back and forth between  the two to try and figure out just /what/ is going on.  The inuendo  in Sascha's voice tricks muscles into stiffening a touch, more a  preparation for movement than anything else.  But she remains quiet,  waiting for Sascha's reply.Sascha retreats, mentally, and nods.  "Just stopped in.  For business  purposes."  A lie, obvious perhaps, to cover her interest in the  man, the fact that he intrigues her.Caleb would tell Ripley What The Heck Is Going On -- if he knew. But he  doesn't, really. And so, confusion remains. Bad thing. "You weren't  interrupting anything," he offers simply. A look to her -- eyes?  Hello, eyes, are you there? -- attempts to clarify what can't be  articulated 'fore he reaches for another bite.Ripley is the queen of lies, and she knows one a mile away.  "I should  go," she replies, tensed muscles doing their work without further  prompting and raising her to full height in the blink of an eye.   "Really...I have a few other business matters to finish up.  Thank  you for introducing us, Caleb, and for that sushi."  A nod to Sascha  is all the dismissal she gives before whorling away, back to both of  them and on her way to the door.  "I'll be in touch," she tosses  back as parting words, the slide of the door clipping them short.The door slides open as Ripley walks out.Sascha's voice is soft, a hooded glance to Ripley, obsidian eyes half  hidden behind a field of braids.  "Am I?  Interrupting, that is."  A  glance to Caleb, then back to Ripley, trying to gauge the ties  between them.  Ripley's abrupt leaving causes eyebrows to drift  upwards.  "Are you two together?" Blunt.Blink. Caleb rolls that question around for a moment, pondering the  words, and the meanings behind them. Possible interperetations,  subtle shades of thought... And when it's all over.. he can simply  shrug. "No." A flicker of something passes over his features. Guilt,  perhaps -- or a hint of anger? A glance to the food follows. "Been a  while since you've had sushi, then?"Sascha rubs idly at her neck, staring down at the food.  "I haven't  eaten much good food, especially not hand made.  Mostly cafeteria  slop."  She sighs, eyes catching her lips smile.  "Women aren't your  forte, are they?"Caleb shrugs. Picks up a bit of sushi and gives a sidelong glance to the  woman. "Why say that?" A hint of a frown follows. He's thinking of  something else, perhaps... related, but not the same.Sascha tilts her head, her features open and curious.  "Well, you aren't  like most men I know.  They either want to own the women around  them, or see them as prostitutes.  You don't do either."  A faint  blush tinges her face as she ducks her head.  "I'm not sure where  you fit in.  You don't try to own people, nor have you hit on me.   Honestly, you seem rather uncomfortable around most women, with the  exception of, what's her name?  Percy."How to take that? Caleb isn't quite sure... He stares back, weighing  words and thoughts. "never thought about it." Shrug. His next  swallow is harder, and follwed by a wry smile. "'swhat Danna said  once," He offers out. A feeler. A careful hint of open-ness.Sascha takes a deep breath, and nods slowly.  "Danna?"  The mask begins  to crumble slightly, a crack in the steel of her voice, a gleam in  the ice of her eyes."Lunaport." The word is pushed out, like a book across a table. "Someone  I used to know," Caleb clairifies. "Died on Luna 'bout a month and a  half ago." The bit of food is lifted in mock-salute to Sascha, then  consumed.Sascha smiles sardonically, an almost evil pleasure in her voice.  "My  ex-husband was there as well.  He was one of the peacekeepers.   Always one for honorable causes, that was James.  He's gone now, and  good riddance."  Her eyes widen for a moment, then narrow, glancing  at Caleb.  Too open?  A soft snort of derision.  "Why am I telling  you this?"Caleb stares back at Sascha -- he'd be amused by the irony of it, if the  moment weren't so charged. But Sascha's talking about Lunaport...  "Same reason I told you about Danna," he replies. Then averts eyes  to the door, leaning back slightly in a valiant attempt to look  relaxed.. Shrugfrown.Sascha tilts her head, braids pushed back to show all of her face, an  odd open gesture.  "I loved him, once.  He sent me to jail because  he didn't want to dirty his name."  The words are muttered, more to  herself than Caleb, though loud enough for the man to hear.  "Why  did you tell me about Danna?"  Her voice is quiet, calm, and  strangely accented, the vowels drawn out, the consonants slurred.  A  good ear would recognize the Deep South in her tones.Caleb rolls the response over in his mind... brow arching slightly at  the 'good name' comment. He hears and sees, but makes no comment to  that. "Why tell you?" He doesn't know, really... "You asked. And  Percy was right... Talking does help, sometimes." A thoughtful look  follows; as if Caleb were watching not Sascha's face, but a larger  image behind her. Or inside of her...Sascha stares down at her hands, offering only one more comment.  "He  was in the military.  Didn't want his rise through the ranks soiled  by a mischevious wife."  Mischevious might be an understatement.   "I'm glad I asked, I think.  I've never had anyone to talk to."  She  grits her teeth slightly, a sigh hissing between.  "I'm sorry.  You  didn't ask to hear all of this.""Don't mind," Caleb replies. It's not a bad thing, he thinks, that she  ignored the touch of 'Danna in his words. "I asked as well."Sascha bites her lip, nodding slowly.  "You did, didn't you?"  Her tone  is almost awed, shocked, perhaps.  "You loved her very much, didn't  you?"A long pause follows. Bit of sushi nori is examined carefully; soy sauce  soaking it slowly. "Yeah." Gaze is focused on that morsel in his  fingers as he considers it. "Big shock, huh?" A wry smile, hinting  at bitter, is turned upon Sascha. It softens, though, at her look.  Awe?Sascha blinks slightly, eyes hidden for a brief second behind alabaster  lids.  "Why would that be a shock?  Everyone can love.  And all  loves leave, eventually."  The slightest bitterness lines her tone,  face still oddly open and slightly awed.  "I don't know how you fit,  Caleb.  Where you fit.  I don't think I've met anyone like you  before.  I'm not sure how I feel about that."All love leaves. Eventually. Caleb's features pull at a wince, and he  pops in the morsel to cover it. Chews thoughtfully, then hears and  considers her second comment. A slight frown follows... almost  confused. Swallow. Silence.Sascha takes another deep breath, and shifts her eyes from her hands  folded in her lap to Caleb, lips twisted into a frown.  Head tilts  as she examines him for a moment, then asks, softly.  "No comments?""No comments." Caleb's voice is soft, mirroring hers. "South Carolina?"  A brow arches as he says the words.Sascha shakes her head gently, beads loud in the quiet room.   "Louisiana."  The name is slurred, pronounced something like  Lou-zee-ana.  Eyes fall back to her lap, hands shifting slightly.   "I lived there for most of my life, until I came here."Caleb leans back in the chair, studying. "Oh?" Mull, mull. Ponder. "I  suppose The Ex prompted that?" He can be blunt as well, y'see...  though the tone of his words smooths harshness away.Sascha tilts her head.  "Prompted what?  Leaving?  He was part of it.   As was most of my past.  I needed new and different, to leave some  of the memories behind."  Her voice falls softer.  "I didn't realize  that they follow wherever you go."And to /think/ she nearly got him soused. What fun would that have been?  "Always do," Caleb says. "Can shove things down until they boil..  but it always comes up." Frown. Perhaps that one hit a bit too close  to the mark, even for Caleb..."Caleb, I lost everything I had, because I trusted the wrong person."   Sascha's jaw tenses for a moment before she continues.  "Everything  comes back to haunt you until you deal with it, and put them to  rest.  I'm still haunted, and I fear I always will be."  A slight  sad smile.Caleb nods silently. Understands that well... "Always have to be careful  who you can trust," he agrees. Then turns eyes to rake over her,  drift back up and find gaze. An unspoken question hangs. Can he  trust her? Or has he just screwed himself?Sascha tilts her head, absentmindedly pushing away braids that dangle in  front and block her view.  Lips twitch, then spread into a grin.   "Good thing we can trust each other, eh?"  His question answered,  hers given.  Information was passed, given freely.  Can they trust  each other with it?Caleb's frown twitches, and slowly finds its way to a smile. Hand is  extended. "Good thing indeed."Sascha smiles sincerely, reaching out to grasp Caleb's hand as she  stands up.  "I'd better start heading home.  It was nice talking  with you, Caleb."  Another grin.  "And I mean that.  Come find me  about those books, y'hear?""I will." Caleb's firm shake is released, and he glances to the door.  "I'm glad you and Ripley clicked," he offers in parting. "Doesn't  always happen."Sascha nods slowly, her tones slipping back towards controlled, accent  fading with concentration.  "I am glad too.  She seems like a nice,  and very useful woman."  A parting nod, a smile in farewell, she  slips through the door.The door slides open as Sascha walks out.